1. "Don't let your mind rule over your heart..."
Submitted by Jennie
2. "True love is like ghosts, which everyone talks about but few have seen."
Francois de La Rouchfoucauld
3. "My heart, my life, my soul....she has the key to them all. She has but to turn the key and allow me to surround her...with my warmth and love."
Submitted By G.Covington Smyth
4. "The essential saddness is to go through life without loving. But it would be almost equally sad to leave this world without ever telling those you loved that you love them."
Unknown
5. "I get this feeling we'll be together again. No straight lines make up my life, all roads have bends. No clear cut beggings and so far no dead ends."
Harry Chapin
from All My Life's A Circle
6. "Sometimes the one thing you are looking for; Is the one thing you can't see."
Unknown
7. "Sometimes the heart sees what the eyes can't."
Unknown
8. "Tis better to have loved and lost than to never have loved at all."
Alfred Lord Tennyson
9. "If, each time I thought of you, were a flower I could walk in my garden forever."
Unknown
10. "Gravity can not be held responsible for people falling in love,"
Albert Einstein
11. "Within you, I lose myself, without you, I find myself, searching to be lost again."
Unknown
12. "Love is like an hourglass with the heart filling up as the brain empties."
Jules Renard
13. "We are each of us angels with only one wing. And we can only fly embracing each other"
Luciano De Crescenzo
14. "Love is love, not fade away"
Batman 520
15. "Some people come into our lives and quickly go. Others stay for a while and leave footprints on our hearts and we are never ever the same."
Source Unknown
16. "Love is when thoughts of but one man fill your heart, when he means more than life to you, when you know you would do anything for him and shall die if he is taken from you. Desire is when you ache to see him and touch him, when he causes your body to burn and tremble. Desire does not demand love before it can ensnare you, but desire with love creates a powerful bond."
Submitted by Devin Corum (Thinking of Callen)
17. "Every now and then, I wish it were then instead of now."
Thomas Michael
18. "You've got to love something enough to kill it."
Martin Scorsese
19. "A man falls in love through his eyes, a woman through her ears."
Woodrow Wyatt
20. "The giving of love is an education in itself."
Eleanor Roosevelt
21. "Love, in distinction from friendship, is killed, or rather extinguished, the moment it is displayed in public."
Hannah Arendt
22. "In real love you want the other person's good. In romantic love you want the other person."
Margaret Anderson
23. "Happiness is finding love through giving love rather than through receiving it."
Submitted Anonymously
24. "So, fall asleep love, loved by me....for I know love, I am loved by thee."
Robert Browning
25. "The way to love anything is to realize that it might be lost."
Gilbert K. Chesterton
26. "A part of you has grown in me, and, so you see, it's you and me, forever, and never apart; maybe in distance but never in heart."
Submitted Anonymously
27. "Love sees not with the eyes but with the mind, therefore winged cupid and painted blind."
Submitted by Brittani Marshall
28. "It is better to be hated for what you are then to be loved for what your not"
Andre Gide
29. "Forget just so you may remember again."
Submitted by Jessie B
30. "A part of you has grown in me, together forever we shall be, never apart maybe in distance but not in heart."
Anonymous
31. "Some people will die for love, some will die because they lost it"
Submitted by cRuCiFiCa
32. "My wish is not to mean everything to everyone but to mean something to someone."
Submitted by cRuCiFiCa
33. "Love is like a rosebud, it can blossom full, or it can die softly."
Anonymous
34. "As I gaze upon your beauty, I think to myself, never have I seen an angel fly so low..."
Anonymous
35. "Pleasant words are as a honeycomb, sweet to the soul, and health to the bones."
Proverbs 16:24
36. "Come let us take our fill of love until the morning: let us solace ourselves with loves."
Proverbs 7:18
37. "Why are the words goodbye, I'm sorry, and I love you so easily pronounced but so hard to say?"
Unknown
38. "Love is an irresistible desire to be desired irresistably."
Robert Frost
39. "Love is an angel disguised as lust..."
Aymes Repplier
40. "We cannot really love anybody with whom we never laugh."
Aymes Repplier
41. "Love lights more fire than hate extinguishes."
Ella Wilcox
42. "Any time not spent in love is wasted."
Torquato Tasso
43. "Love has it's ways."
Submitted by DK.
44. "I cannot show you I love you. Time will show you I love you."
Source Unknown
45. "The perfect marriage begins when each partner believes they got better than they deserve."
Submitted by DeAnn
46. "If you love something...let it go, if it comes back to you it was truly meant to be."
Source Unknown
47. "Real love is a pilgrimage. It happens when their is no strategy, but it is very rare because most people are strategists."
Submitted Anonymously
48. "If I can stop one heart from breaking, I shall not live in vain."
Emily Dickenson
Submitted by Carly
49. "Know love, know happiness. No love, no happiness."
Submitted by T.J. Turner
50. "Beauty is seen through the eyes of its beholder"
Submitted Anonymously
51. "Amor vincit omnia"
Love conquers everything.
Who says love is only one language? :-)
Risa Barisch
52. "For hearing my thoughts, understanding my dreams and being my best friend... For filling my life with joy and loving me without end... I do
-Anonymous
53. "Two halves have little choice but to join... and yes, they do make a whole... but when two wholes join...that is beauty, that is love."
-Unknown
54. "Absence does for love what the wind does for a flame: it extinguishes the weak, and feeds the strong"
-Unknown
55. "The cure for all blunders, the cure for blindness, the cure for crime is. . .Love"
Emerson
56. "That which is striking and attractive is not always good. That which is good is always beautiful."
D'l Enclos
57. "Love is composed of a single soul inhabiting two bodies."
Aristotle
58. "The soul that can speak through the eyes can also kiss with a gaze."
Gustavo Adolfo Becquer
59. "I could do without many things with no hardship-- you are not one of them."
Ashleigh Brilliant
60. Immature love says: "I love you because I need you." Mature love says: "I need you because I love you." 
Erich Fromm 1900-1980
61. "Where there is love there is life."
Mahatma Gandhi
62. "Where we love is home,
home that our feet may leave, 
but not our hearts."
Oliver Wendell Holmes
63. "To be able to say how much you love
is to love but little."
Petrach
64. "What's in a name? That which we call a rose by any other name would smell as sweet."
William Shakespeare's Romeo and Juliet
Submitted Anonymously
65. "I don't need to be wanted, I want to be needed."
Submitted by Stacey Regina
66. "Some people think that it's holding on that makes one strong, Sometimes it's letting go."
Submitted Anonymously
67. "Love has no limits and no regrets."
Submitted by Georgia Samlidis
68. "Love is just a four letter word with so many meanings behind it."
Submitted Anonymously
69. "To love is true when it comes from the heart, not from the mouth."
Submitted Anonymously
70. "If you never get your heart broken, you'll never learn to love."
Submitted Anonymously
71. "I wish that he were come to me,
For he will come," she said.
"Have I not prayed in heaven?---on earth,
Lord, Lord, has he not prayed?
Are not two prayers a perfect strength?
And shall I feel afraid?"
John Fletcher(Wolsey's Farewell to His Greatness from Henry VIII)
Submitted by Carly
72. "As the lily among thorns, so is my love among the daughters. As the apple tree among the trees of the wood, so is my beloved among the sons. I sat down under his shadow with great delight, and his fruit was sweet to my taste."
Song of Solomon 2:2,3
Submitted by Carly
73. "Let him kiss me with the kisses of his mouth: for thy love is better than wine."
Song of Solomon 1:2
Submitted by Carly
74. "Once you have loved someone, you can do anything for them, except love them the same way again..."
Anonymous, submitted by S. Thompson
75. "Listen to your heart, for it knows the truth"
Submitted by Gentle Spirit
76. "I walk alone through life's dark night, you are my candle, my shining light!"
Submitted by Babyeyes
77. "Love is when you've ran out of excuses for hating someone."
Submitted by Brandon Metzner
78. "A tune is a song without words. Death is a life without love."
Submitted by Conner O.
79. "If you've truly found love, then give it a wing to fly, and if it choses to stay, then it was meant to be!"
Submitted Anonymously
80. "Love is unexpectable, you don't know when it will come."
Submitted by Georgia Samlidis
81. "Love has no control and neither does one's mind when they are in love."
Submitted by Georgia Samlidis
82. "Love is friendship set to music."
Source Unknown
83. "If I should meet thee after long years, how should I greet thee? With silence and tears."
Robert Browning
Submitted by Christina Kucie
84. "I died for beauty but was scarce."
Emily Dickinson
Submitted by Christina Kucie
85. "To be is to love; to love you is to be."
Submitted by Louis J de Beer
86. "I love you not because I need you, But I need you because I love you."
Submitted Anonymously
87. "To be loved ,and to have loved, is to live life the fullest."
Submitted by Kymberly Nitzke
88. "The course of true love never did run smooth."
Shakespeare
Submitted by Marie
89. If you judge someone, you have no time to love them."
Mother Teresa
Submitted by Marie
90. "I love you more today than yesterday, but less than tomorrow."
Submitted Anonymously
91. "LOVE is more than just saying I LOVE YOU."
Submitted by Sarah Mercado
92. "How can you love another if you don't love yourself?"
Submitted by Angela
93. "True love is out there and it looks for no one. So go get it."
Submitted by Klown
94. "So I'll be sure to stay wary of you love, to save the pain of once my flame and twice my burn."
Fiona Apple
Submitted Anonymously
95. "To please, is to be pleased...to hurt is, to be hurt."
Submitted by K7
96. "The more you Love,The more you can be hurt or pleased."
Submitted by K7
97. "Love is like a roller coaster full of ups and downs and it controls you not the other way around."
Submitted by K7
98. "A woman's heart is an ocean of secrets."
Rose Dawson in "Titanic"
Submitted by Shannon
99. "Being with you is like walking on a very clear morning, I definately have the sensation of belonging there."
Submitted by Junior
100. "Love is a lot like a rhino, short-sighted and hasty. If it cannot find a way, it will make a way."
Submitted by Junior
101. "When a young man complains that a young woman has no heart, it is a pretty sure sign that she has his."
Submitted by Junior
102. "Love is like a pie crust, easily made, but easily broken."
Submitted Anonymously
103. "To love a thing, means wanting it to live."
Submitted by Bethany
104. "You can fall in love in an instant. It's letting go that takes time."
Submitted by Kasey
105. "Love means never having to say you're sorry!"
Submitted by Mariah
106. "Love doesn't just sit there, like a stone; it has to be made, like bread; remade all the time, made new."
Ursula K. Le Guin
Submitted by Songkarn Chitsuthipakorn
107. "Before you love, learn to run through snow leaving no footprints."
Edward R Mathers
Submitted by Aracian
108. "LOVE - How can such a small word mean so much?"
Submitted Anonymously
109. "Love thoughts of tenderness, tried in temptation, strengthered by distress, unmoved by absence, and yet more than all, untired by time."
Submitted Anonymously
110. "They that love beyond the world cannot be seperated by it. Death cannot kill what never dies."
Submitted Anonymously
111. "When you love someone, say it. Say it loud. Say it right away, or the moment... just passes you by."
Submitted by Jon Sisson
112. "Love is an inexpressable bounty of adventure represented by four simple letters."
Submitted by Andrew Worden
113. "Love is when you are in the back seat of your car and your feet are hanging out of the window and you aren't even ashamed."
Submitted by Sally Hardin
114. "To be loved is to live forever in someone's heart."
Submitted Anonymously
115. "Love is like war, easy to begin, hard to stop."
Submitted Anonymously
116. "Love that is true lasts forever."
Submitted Anonymously
117. "Love... like fine sand. Grasp it and it will quickly slip through your fingers. Cup it gently and it will fill the voids of your soul-- as sand seeks to fill the spaces in your hands."
Submitted by Kelvin X. Kuan
118. "Distance makes the heart grow fonder? How does love grow in a vacuum? Distance makes the heart wander. For without communication, without companionship... and distance long enough -- a friend, at best, is what you'll find."
Submitted by Kelvin X. Kuan
119. "My only love sprung from my only hate."
William Shakespeare in his Romeo and Juliet
120. "Do not tell me, for I've heard it all, there is too much to do with hate, but much more to do with love."
William Shakespeare in his Romeo and Juliet
121. "Love can make you happy but often times it hurts, but love is only special when you give it to who its worth."
Submitted by Submitted by Minal Patel
122. "Love can hurt but the things it brings are worth death."
Submitted by Submitted by Scott Smith
123. "Choosing a love and then being strong enough to live up to your commitment of love is the essence of love."
Source Unknown
Submitted by Tanja Groesbeck
124. "Lust is a state of the mind, love is a state of the heart & soul."
Submitted by Paul Galloway
125. "Love feeds the soul!"
Submitted by Jenny Lewis
126. "Love is like pizza, when it's good, it's really good. When it's bad, It's still pretty good."
Source Unknown
127. "Love today, so you will never have empty yesterdays."
Submitted by Kirk
128. "I was born when you kissed me, and I died when you left me, but I lived for the two weeks you loved me."
Submitted Anonymously
129. "What do I get from Loving You? Loving You."
Submitted by Gabby
130. "True Love, like many things, can only be seen in the eyes of the beholder. It cannot be jealous, proud, or anxious; it is what is found in the depths of your heart, and longs only for one who's heart longs for the same things as your own."
Submitted Anonymously
131. "True love is a high and holy principle, altogether different in character from that love which is awakened by impulse and which suddenly dies when severely tested."
Ellen G. White
Submitted by Charles Noles
132. "Love is a precious gift, which we receive from Jesus. Pure and holy affection is not a feeling, but a principle. Those who are actuated by true love are neither unreasonable nor blind."
Ellen G. White
Submitted by Charles Noles
133. "God is Love."
Submitted by Dave Blau
134. "'Where's home for you?' a stranger asked a fellow traveler. "Wherever she is,' came the reply, as the man pointed at his wife."
Overheard conversation from Robert Fulghum
Submitted by Doug Vandebelt
135. "Love is an endless act of forgiveness, a tender look which becomes a habit."
Peter Ustinov
Submitted by Doug Vandebelt
136. "Absence is to love what wind is to fire; it extinguishes the small, it enkindles the great."
Roger De Bussy-Rabutin
Submitted by Doug Vandebelt
137. "Be true to thyself, Be true to love."
Submitted by Rebecca
138. "One finds love not by being loved, but by loving. We can never know love if we try to draw others to ourselves; nor can we find it by centering our love in them. For love is infinite; it is never ours to create. We can only channel it from its source in infinity to all whom we meet."
J. Donald Walters
Submitted by Jodie Schultz
139. "Love gives naught but itself and takes naught but from itself. Love possesses not nor would it be possessed; For love is sufficient unto love."
Kahlil Gibran
Submitted by Jodie Schultz
140. "The sound of a kiss is not so loud as a cannon, but it's echo lasts a great deal longer."
Source Unknown
Submitted by Shawn M. White
141. "I swear that I love but one woman, and that I love you as no other woman was ever loved."
Submitted by Tigbalang
142. "Since I met you "We" has become more magical than "you" or "I"."
Submitted by Jeanine Reiss
143. "Love is a moment that lasts forever."
Submitted Anonymously
144. "Learn life's biggest lesson: Love, Forget & Forgive."
Lär dig livets stora gåta, Älska, Glömma och förlåta.
Submitted by Scott Millington
145. "May God above send down a dove with wings as sharp as a razor. To spear the heart of any guy who loves a girl, then betrays her."
Submitted by Kasey
146. "Love has no other desire but to fulfill itself."
Khalil Gibran
147. "Love gives naught but itself but takes naught but from itself."
Khalil Gibran
148. "Love that remains longest in your heart is the one that is not returned."
Source Unknown
149. "Never have regrets, follow your heart."
Jeff Zinnert
150. "If I know what love is, it is because of you."
Jeff Zinnert
151. "You don't love a woman because she is beautiful, she is beautiful because you love her."
Jeff Zinnert
152. "Love is something eternal; the aspect may change, but not the essence."
Jeff Zinnert
153. "Love is a promise, love is a souvenir, once given, never forgotten, never let it disappear."
John Lennon
154. "When love and hate have exhausted the soul, the body seldom endures for long."
Submitted Anonymously
155. "Love is the closest thing to hate."
Submitted Anonymously
156. "Love is the wisdom of the fool and the folly of the wise."
S.Johnson
Submitted by Carolin from Germany
157. "Love is when your mouth has no need to move to make him/her happy because your heart is beating, and that's all that matters."
Kaitlin Rogers
158. "Love is when you stop saying nonsense things and can simply be silent."
Kaitlin Rogers
159. "When you can see your un-born children in her arms, you know you really love a woman."
Bryan Adams
160. "Love withers under constraint; its very essence is liberty; it is compatible neither with obedience, jealousy, nor fear: it is there most pure, perfect and unlimited, where its votaries live in confidence, equality and reserve."
Percy Bysshe Shelley
Submitted by Douglas Means
161. "A life's worth, in the end, isn't measured in hours, or dollars. It's measured by the amount of love exchanged along the way"
Written by Douglas C. Means
162. "A woman unsatisfied must have luxuries. But a woman who loves a man would sleep on a board."
D.H.Lawrence
Submitted by Douglas Means
163. "Kindness in words creates confidence, kindness in thinking creates profoundness, kindness in giving creates love."
Lao-Tze
Submitted by Douglas Means
164. "I believe that unarmed truth and unconditional love will have the final word in reality."
Martin Luther King, Jr
Submitted by Douglas Means
165. "Oh, innocent victims of Cupid, Remember this terse little verse; To let a fool kiss you is stupid, To let a kiss fool you is worse."
E.Y. Harburg
Submitted by Douglas Means
166. "He who cannot love must learn to flatter."
Goethe
Submitted by Douglas Means
167. "Love one another, but make no bond of love; Let it rather be a moving sea between the shores of your soul. Fill each other's cup, but drink not from one cup. Give one another of your bread, but eat not from the same loaf. Sing and dance together and be joyous, but let each one of you be alone."
Kahlil Gibran
Submitted by Douglas Means
168. "In all your amours you should prefer old women to young ones . . . they have greater knowledge of the world."
Benjamin Franklin
Submitted by Charles Field
169. "There is abundant testimony that if we choose love rather than self, we gain immeasurably."
Federico Fellini
Submitted by Charles Field
170. "There is no end. There is no beginning. There is only the infinite passion of life."
Federico Fellini
Submitted by Douglas Means
171. "Love does not consist in gazing at each other but in looking together in the same direction."
Antoine de Saint-Exupery
Submitted by Douglas Means
172. "There is no beautifier of complexion, or form, or behavior, like the wish to scatter joy and not pain around us."
Ralph Waldo Emerson
Submitted by Douglas Means
173. "Our chief want in life is somebody who shall make us do what we can."
Ralph Waldo Emerson
Submitted by Douglas Means
174. "Never close your lips to those to whom you have opened your heart."
Charles Dickens
Submitted by Douglas Means
175. "Love need not be two-way. I believe in one-way love because love is God and God loves all of us, whether or not we love Him back."
Submitted Anoymously
176. "You know what real love is when just thinking of your lover - maybe something they did before, or just the thought gives you chills all over your body."
Submitted by Kevin Carver
177. "To be is to love, to love you is to be..."
Louis J de Beer
178. "When you feel that all is lost, hold onto your love at any cost."
Submitted by Amber Ayers
179. "Absence makes thy heart grow fonder."
Source Unknown
180. "I will show you a philtre without potions, without herbs, without any witch's incantation--if you wish to be loved, love."
Seneca
Submitted by Jane
181. "Love is like a roller coaster. There's some downs, but when you get to the ups, when you feel that high -- NOTHING can pull you down, and all of the downs just disappear."
Submitted by Kevin Carter
182. "Love is patient. Love is kind. It does not envy. It does not boast. It is not proud. It is not rude. It is not self-seeking. It is not easily angered. It keeps no record of wrong doing. It does not delight in evil, but rejoices in the truth. It always protects, trusts, hopes, perseveres."
Corinthians 13
Submitted Anonymously
183. "Love is life and you are the light of my life."
Submitted by Srikant
184. "My life is but a River of Troubled Waters....
Thank God! For she is the Sea of Eternal Happiness."
Submitted by Srikant
185. "Love is like the sun, even if you reach it you have to put up with a few blisters."
Source Unknown
Submitted by Ana Lucia, Dagmar & ALE
186. "If you love something let it go, if it comes back to you it was yours, if it doesn't it never was."
Source Unknown
Submitted by DALA
187. "For an instant, love can transform the world."
Submitted by Author Unknown
188. "Heaven is where the heart is."
Submitted by Simmie Ng
189. "You're here, there's nothing I fear."
Celine Dion
190. "Love can touch us one time and last for a lifetime and never let go till were gone."
Celine Dion
191. "We are like the wings of angels, bound together with the love of God."
Michael Bristol
192. "My love for you is like time, if you give it just one moment, it will last forever."
Submitted by Linda Barton
193. "This is true love. Do you think this happens everyday?"
Westly "Princess Bride"
194. "Love is you!"
Submitted Anonymously
195. "I've loved you all my life. Even before there was you there was the promise of you, and now that we've met, I'll never be the same!"
Dasher2
196. "And remeber, as it was written...to love another person is to see the face of God."
From Les Miserables
197. "To love is to risk not being loved in return. To hope is to risk pain. To try is to risk failure, but risk must be taken, because the greatest hazard in life is to risk nothing."
From "Living, learning and Loving" by Leo Buscaglia
198. Live to love and love to live.
Devilen
199. Merlin: Love is a force
Young Arthur: Is it very powerful?
Merlin: Yes.. some would say the greatest power in the Universe.
Quoted from Disney's Sword in the Stone Merlin the Magician
200. "It's not being in love that makes me happy. It's being in love with YOU that makes me happy."
Source Unknown
201. "Love is...when two people don't like to be apart, they want to share everything heart to heart."
Submitted by A Leonard
202. "If it is not mutual it isn't love."
Bruce Kravetz
Submitted by brother Harvey
203. "Love is the blood of the heart, and the drink of the soul."
Submitted by Brandon Metzner & Leslie Brown
204. "You never lose by loving. You always lose by holding back."
Barbara De Angelis
Submitted by Shelley Trubey
205. "How do I love thee? Let me count the ways."
Elizabeth Barret Browning
206. "Love is beautiful dream."
William Sharpe
207. "Love is never lost. If not reciprocated it will flow back and soften and purify the hear."
Washington Irving
208. "Life is to be fortified by many friendships. To love and be loved is the greatest happiness of existence."
Sydney Smith
209. "Love is the emblem of eternity; it confounds all notion of time: effaces all memory of a beginning, all fear of an end."
Madame de Stael
210. "A loving heart is the truest wisdom."
Charles Dickens
211. "I don't regret the things I have done or the things I have chosen not to do because what ever I've done, I must have done something right because I ended up with you."
Eryn Mlynarski
212. "No matter how hard things seem, true love will aide you through it."
Submitted by Linda
213. "To love is to give all of yourself, in return for that one special feeling in the center of your heart."
Submitted Anonymously
214. "Love is like war, easy to begin but hard to end"
Submitted Anonymously
215. "To time's mirage, love pays no heed. For love has 'Always' in its seed"
J.D.Noyce, Kea's Song
216. "Love is about making happy... not being happy"
Submitted Anonymously
217. "If you have love, you'll live longer"
Submitted by Nenny
218. "It doesn't make sense to me, that's why I trust it."
Submitted by Sean O'Donnell
219. "Remember...love is the link that holds two hearts together."
Submitted by Anonymous
220. "Love isn't love until you give it away, so give it wings and let it go,
if it's meant to be it will fly right back to you!"
Submitted Anonymously
221. "I miss you most when I'm sad. I miss you when I'm lonely. But most of all, I miss you when I'm happy."
An excerpt from Chicken Soup for the Teenage Soul. 
Submitted by Rose Chandler
222. "Love can touch us one time, and last a whole life time. Love was when I loved you, one true time I hold you."
Submitted by Anonymous
223. "Love's a butterfly, it goes wherever it pleases and pleases wherever it goes and goes wherever it pleases."
Submitted by Bryan Kent
224. "So dear I love him that with him, all deaths I could endure. Without him, live no life."
William Shakespeare, Romeo and Juliet
Submitted by Lady Raiden
225. "Love from one side hurts, but love from two sides heals."
Submitted by Anonymous
226. "When I saw you I fell in love, and you smiled because you knew."
Submitted by Anonymous
227. "Love starts from the heart not the eye."
Submitted by Nenny
228. "In the end, though I may thirst for her, these lips were graced by a sweet taste from the spring of her love."
from "Yearning for Lost Love
Submitted by Alan Lee Nolan
229. "Your love's a never ending dream. A castle by a stream of sweet understanding."
Mike Pinder
230. "Marriage is like a golden ring in a chain, whose beginning is a glance and whose ending is in eternity."
Kahlil Gibran
231. "The smell of a woman should stay with you. The smell of a man should come to you as you go to him and leave you with only a memory, not a headache."
Danielle Steele
Submitted by Katie Simms
232. "A man sees him-self through the eyes of the women he loves."
Submitted by James R. Copeland
233. "The way to love anything is to realize that it may be lost."
Gilbert K Chesterton
234. "If there is anything better than to be loved, it is loving."
Anonymous
235. "Love is like a riddle, the answer is not difficult. love is like a maze, one belongs to one's door way. Love is like a quiz, how much both really miss. But what love really means, LOVE means me and you."
Ean
236. "Whoever said it is better to have loved and lost, then to have never loved at all, must not have had their heart broken."
Casper
237. "You've got to learn to love yourself, before you can love anyone else." 
Submitted by Monica Henson
238. "Let no one who loves be unhappy. Even love unreturned has its rainbow."
James Mathhew Barrie
239. "The simple lack of her is more to me than others' presence."
Edward Thomas
240. "Love is like an hourglass, with the heart filling up as the brain empties."
Submitted by Lindsey F
241. "The best way to love, is like a child, pure, innocent, and without hesitation."
Submitted by Jon Sisson
242. "You know it's love, when whoever she is, she's good enough."
Submitted by Jon Sisson
243. "As long as the sun shall rise goes the old lover's vow, But we are children of a scientific age and have no time for poetry. Still, I offer a quiet prayer of thanks for the sunlight each time I see your face."
Brian Andreas
244. "Love is the angel that wanders within, tormenting the heart."
Submitted by David Marsh 1993
245. "True love endures, if it does not, then it was never true."
Submitted by Heather Howell
246. "Every time I see you, I try to hide away. But when we meet it seems I can't let go. Everytime you leave the room I feel I'm fading like a flower."
Roxette
Submitted by Jonah
247. "Something in your eyes captured my soul, and every night I see you in my dreams. You're all I know. I can't let go."
Mariah Carey
Submitted by Jonah
248. "I've been thinking how hungry my mind and body are for you... and it's time for food for my thoughts..."
Submitted Anonymously
249. "While many a soul are unhappy with love, no one is ever happy without it."
Submitted by Andrew Worden
250. "Peace will come when the Love of Power is replaced with the Power of Love."
David Landis
Submitted by MsEnigmet
251. "Above all else, guard thy heart for it is the wellspring of life."
Proverbs 4:23
Submitted by Firefly
252. "Hate stirreth up strifes, but love cevereth all sins."
Proverbs 10:12
Submitted by Firefly
253. "Love is when you cry, when you laugh, when you smile... Love is when you dream"
Submitted Anonymously
254. "Saying I love you isn't hard... saying I love you and meaning it is."
Submitted by Kitty
255. "A memory of true love is like a favorite song; no matter how many times it plays again, you never get tired of it."
Submitted by Kitty
256. "Love goes toward love, as schoolboys from their books; but love from love, toward school with heavy looks."
William Shakespeare from Romeo and Juliet
Submitted by Kitty
257. "Emptiness isn't lonliness, it's the missing of you."
Submitted by Peggy Burke
258. "Love is the only thing that can be divided with out being diminished."
Anonymous, submitted by Cristina Bell
259. "If it is really love, you can see yourself standing in their eyes, part of the abstinence that is worth dying for. If you long for that recognition that will not part by distance, in time your dream will be replied."
Submitted by Callandra Agear
260. "You found your love when you've found a home in a woman's heart."
Emerson Cheng
261. "Happiness is being married to your best friend."
Nicole Louise Divino
262. "Kisses: Words which cannot be written."
Nicole Louise Divino
263. "You may hold my hand for a while, but you hold my heart forever."
Nicole Louise Divino
264. "Look into my eyes and hear what I'm not saying, for my eyes speak louder than my voice ever will."
Submitted by Marielou S. Florendo
265. "Being in love is a wonderful feeling but being loved and appreciated in return can be the most wonderful experience that can happen to your life..."
Submitted by Cathy Bustos
266. "I love you more now than when you began to read this sentence."
Samuel
267. "Love is an eruption of feelings buried within a heart longing to break free!"
Submitted by Jafox
268. "When loving someone...never regret what you do....only regret what you DIDN'T do"
Submitted by Jennifer
269. "We can die by it, if not live by love."
John Donne
270. "Nobody has measured, not even poets how much the heart can hold."
Zelda Fitzgerald
Submitted by Katie
271. "Love might not make the world go round, but it sure makes the ride worthwhile."
Submitted by Annia McAllister
272. "A true friend is a true love."
Submitted by Delicate Rose
273. "'Tis loves passion that sleeps upon a blanket of hate."
Submitted by Vanessa Casper
274. "Love is friendship set on fire."
Erin
275. "You can't find love it finds you."
Chrissy Weber
276. "You do not fall in love, you grow to love, and then love grows in him!"
Submitted by Sarah
277. "Do you love me because I'm beautiful, or am I beautiful because you love me?"
Oscar Hammerstein
Submitted by Kellie L. Cambell
278. "I wasn't kissing her, I was whispering in her mouth."
Chico Maroc
Submitted by Kellie L. Cambell
279. "His kiss, his touch... so gentle...yet so poisonous to my heart..."
Submitted by Stace15
280. "Love is sweeter than any rose. Love pricks you far deeper than any thorn."
Submitted by Nancy
281. "Love is forever, and if it doesn't last forever it isn't love."
Dottie Kinealy
282. "If music be the food of love, play on."
From Shakespeare's Twelveth Night
Submitted by Nhesz
283. "Love cannot be defined...not a single word or even a million words could tell the real meaning of love...because love has no end."
Submitted by Nhesz
284. "Sometimes we make love with our eyes. Sometimes we make love with our hands. Sometimes we make love with our bodies. Always we make love with our hearts."
Submitted by Vickie for Ron
285. "Love is like the wind, rough at times but gentle by nature."
William S.
286. "If love is blind than I shall never see."
Angie Rutter
287. "To live life without you is to live life without love."
Submitted by Michael Bristol
288. "What's in a race? That which we call a rose by any other name would smell as sweet."
Submitted by Jennifer
289. "Love is never wanting you to change...for who you are is who I fell in love with. Therefore NEVER change."
Submitted by Anita Thompson
290. "They say that love is blind...I say that love is kind."
Submitted by Raquel
291. "Love seems to put an end to all rational thought."
Submitted by Jon Sisson
292. "There is no part of the body that when broken, hurts as badly as the heart."
Submitted by Jon Sisson
293. "When I'm with you I feel Like I could die and that would be alright."
Third Eye Blind - Semi Charmed Life
Submitted by Marissa
294. "I'm afraid of loving you for the rest of my life and I'm afraid of losing you for the rest of my life."
Submitted by Gizelle Ferrer
295. "Gotta let you know that I love you, gotta let you know that I care, gotta let you know that for you, i'll always be there."
Submitted by Gizelle Ferrer
296. "I don't know much but I know I love you."
Submitted by Gizelle Ferrer
297. "Love is the triumph of imagination over intelligence."
H.L. Mencken
Submitted by Neil
298. "Love is stronger than death."
Submitted by Arorah
299. "Love or friendship, one cannot serve two masters."
Submitted by Arorah
300. "Real love is forever."
from "The Crow"
Submitted by Arorah
301. "A life without love...is an eternity without happiness."
Submitted by Michael Dalcin
302. "True love is something you feel deep inside, a feeling that you find impossible to hide."
Submitted by Nahrain
303. "Love is just one word, but it has too many meanings."
Submitted by Nahrain
304. "Love is a powerful addiction for the human soul. Even people that have not experienced it, yearn for the chance to give and receive it from someone special."
Bethany D.
305. "Your voice makes me tremble inside and your smile is an invitation for my imagination to go wild."
Claudia Chin, Algarve - Portugal
306. "Everything I've ever done has been for you!"
Anonymous
307. "My minds in a daze I can't believe what I've seen an angel took me to you last night in my dream."
Submitted by Allure
308. "True love comes but once. Grab it while you can, for when it will never pass again."
Submitted by Monica
309. "I hear the words, and then I get to thinking...I don't wanna think, I wanna feel..."
Pearl Jam
Submitted by Andrea
310. "Do you know that it would take you forever to realize the extent of my love for you."
Kristine
311. "Every minute without you is a minute of wasted time."
Michael Bristol
312. "Some people love with restraint as if they were someday to hate, but we hated gently, carefully, as if we were someday to love..."
Anonymous
313. "Foolish Girl, put your heart away. Maybe it will come out to play another day."
Submitted by Jackie
314. "The love in your heart. Wasn't put there to stay. Love isn't love until you give it away."
Submitted by Lou I. c/o Christine
315. "Lust is when you remember a face and forget the feeling. Love is when you forget the face and can't LIVE on the feeling."
Craig S.
316. "And I know its probably not, the best thing, but I'll try it anyway, because I know it could be the best thing, it could be the best!"
Submitted by Craig Serra
317. "Love is a promise, love is a souvenir, once given never forgotten, never let it disappear."
John Lennon
Submitted by Diann
318. "I don't wanna need you, 'coz I can't have you."
From the movie "Bridges of Madison County"
Submitted by Gizelle Ferrer
319. "Love is like a knife, it can stab the heart or it can carve wonderful images into the soul that will last a lifetime."
Submitted by S & S
320. "Choosing a love and then being strong enough to live up to your commitment of love is the essence of love."
Submitted by S & S
321. "Two things inspire me to awe - the starry heavens above and the morale universe within."
Submitted by Princess Stephanie
322. "God, grant me the serenity to accept the things I can not change, the courage to change the things I can, and the wisdom to know the difference."
Submitted by Princess Stephanie
323. "If you have love in your heart, you always have something to give."
Anonymous
324. "If there is anything better than to love, it is loving."
Anonymous
325. "You can discover more about a person in an hour of play, than in a year of conversation."
Plato
326. "I love you until the day after forever."
Submitted by Gizelle Ferrer
327. "To love what you do and feel that it matters - how could anything be more fun."
Katharine Graham
328. "Love can not be taken it must be given."
Anonymous
329. "God's love is unconditional."
Anonymous
330. "Love is a perfume you cannot pour onto others without getting a few drops on yourself."
Emerson
331. "The riches that are in the heart can not be stolen."
Abraham Lincoln
332. "Losing an illusion makes you wiser than finding a truth."
Ludwig Borne
333. "Why waste your time hating when you can enjoy your time loving."
Jennifer .G.
334. "Life is your creation."
Jennifer .G.
335. "Never say good-bye because good-bye is forever."
Jennifer .G.
336. "Time doesn't matter love is forever."
Jennifer .G.
337. "True love is knowing a person's faults, and loving them even more for them."
Submitted Anonymously
338. "Cherish the love you had yesterday; that you still have today and look forward to cherishing the love you shall have tomorrow."
Submitted by Keli
339. "Life without love, is a life without meaning."
Submitted by Stephanie
340. "Love comeforteth like sunshine after rain."
William Shakespeare
341. "Life is a flower of which love is honey."
Victor Hugo
342. "LIFE IS FULL OF ROMANCE, PASSION AND SURPRISES, BUT WOULD MEAN NOTHING WITHOUT THE TEARS."
Anonymous
343. "If love is a key, then let her heart be the door."
Anonymous
344. "You complete me."
From Jerry Maguire
345. "Where there is love, there is life."
Gandhi
346. "Love means never having to say that your sorry."
from Love Story--the book
Submitted by Betsy Keenan
347. "Every time I think of you, it is like getting a hug from the inside out."
Submitted by Anthony Greco
348. "If I had a single flower for every time I think about you, I could walk forever in my garden."
Claudia Ghandi
349. "If I could reach up and hold a star for every time you made me smile, I'd have the entire night sky in the palm of my hand."
Submitted by Emily S.
350. "The most important part of love is the giving."
Submitted by Emily S.
351. "I'll be back 'round again. Yes I'll walk in time with you old friend. And we'll find that place that we had danced in so long ago."
Submitted by Emily S.
352. "My life will be sour grapes and ashes without you."
Submitted by Emily S.
353. "Hearts will never be made practical until they are made unbreakable."
Submitted by Emily S.
354. "Love deeply and passionately. You might get hurt, but it's the only way to live life completely."
Submitted by Emily S.
355. "Losing love is like a window in your heart."
Submitted by Emily S.
356. "My love for you is so overpowering, I'm afraid it will disappear."
Submitted by Emily S.
357. "Anyone can be passionate, but it takes real lovers to be silly."
Submitted by Emily S.
358. "Touch your lips just so I know. In your eyes, love it glows so, I'm bare boned and crazy for you..."
Submitted by Emily S.
359. "Kissing is like drinking salt water; you drink and your thirst increases."
Submitted by Emily S.
360. "There's a smile in my heart that I've waited my whole life for."
Submitted by Emily S.
361. "Let your heart guide you. It whispers, so listen carefully."
Submitted by Emily S.
362. "Your love is like rain to a flower, it needs the rain to live and I'm that flower."
Submitted by Dr. T. J. Porter
363. "Your smile radiates the warmth of heaven's sunshine upon my heart."
Submitted by David Marsh
364. "When you have someone so wonderful, you never want to loose them. You do anything in your heart to hold them FOREVER."
Submitted by Nicole Giampietro
365. "When you're in love, you want to be loved and be given lots and lots of loving."
Submitted by Brian "The Man" Giampietro
366. "We may give without loving, but we cannot love without giving."
Submitted by CM
367. "Love is sitting together in the middle of a bench when there is plenty of room on either side."
Submitted by Amanda
368. "Love is when you wake up thinking of no one else but, that person!"
Submitted by Anonymous
369. "Love is when your heart beats a trillion times a minute when ever you are with that person."
Submitted by Anonymous
370. "Love comes from the heart, not the brain. You don't think about it, you just do it."
Submitted by Anonymous
371. "If the sky where made of paper and the ocean my ink well; I still wouldn't be able to describe how much I love you, and how wonderful you make me feel when I am with you."
Submitted by John L. Doherty
372. "Love helps all. Even those who may never return the favor."
Submitted by Joseph Ehrenfeld
373. "Having the heart of a woman, I yearn to have your man's heart be exposed and make me strong."
Jennifer Wilkinson
374. "A man wants to be a woman's first while a woman wants to be a man's last."
Jennifer Wilkinson
375. "A man over time falls in love with the woman he is attracted to, and a woman over time becomes more attracted to the man she loves."
Jennifer Wilkinson
376. "If love is so wonderful, why doesn't everyone love? If love hurts so much, why does anyone love?"
Submitted by Crys
377. "You are like the dew that falls from the sky to nourish the earth and I wish I could be the earth."
Submitted by Anonymous
378. "The most horrible thing that can happen to you in life is to be without love, toilet paper coming to a close second..."
Submitted by Francois
379. "Friendship is love minus sex and plus reason. Love is friendship plus sex and minus reason."
Mason Cooley
Submitted by Chery
380. "The heart is the happiest when it beats for others."
God's Little Instruction Book
381. "I'm not going to look for love. I'm going to let it find me... and if I never find it, then it wasn't meant to be."
Monica Marano
382. "Love is a celestial respiration of the air of paradise."
Victor Marie Hugo
383. "I came alive when I started loving you."
C.S. Lewis
384. "Ancient lovers believed a kiss would literally unite their souls, because the spirit was said to be carried in one's breath"
Eve Glicksman
385. "Words cannot express how much I love you. You are my love, now and forever!!!"
Submitted by Jensen Wee
386. "Love is touch, touch is love. Love is feeling, feeling love. Love is knowing, knowing is love."
Submitted by Meghan Ableson
387. "Don't stop giving love even if you don't recieve it. Smile and have patience."
Submitted by Anonymous
388. "There is no fear in love; but perfect love casteth out fear."
I John. IV. 18
389. "Love is like a sweet flower, true love is a sweet rose..."
Submitted by Anonymous
390. "In lover's sky, all stars are eclipsed by the eyes of the one you love..."
Submitted by Anonymous
391. "All doesn't mean love, but love is all."
Submitted by Anonymous
392. "Thank you my dear. You came and you did well to come. I needed you. You have made love blaze up in my breast - bless you! Bless you often as the hours have been endless to me while you were gone."
Sappho, verse 46
Submitted by Inger
393. "Love is when you love him more then you need him."
Sappho, verse 46
Submitted by Petra Just, Berlin
394. "You are my prince and you have awakened me from my sowerful slumber."
Submitted by Anonymous
395. "Love is a special gift of vision, the power to see for a little while what God meant when He made that person."
Elisabeth Elliot in Passion & Purity
Submitted by Kelly Davis
396. "If loves divine, true love you are. If love art mine, then mine you are."
Submitted by Jack Marshall
397. "What greater thing is there for two human souls than to feel that they are joined together to strengthen each other in all labour, to minister to each other in all sorrow, to share with each other in all gladness, to be one with each other in the silent unspoken memories."
George Elliot
398. Love, a simple word, yet, full of abstract meanings...
Submitted by Anonymous
399. "You make me think of these things to say, no one has ever done that, you are the one responsable for the joy, and love I feel."
Submitted by Andrew Macia
399. "You have brought light into my dark life."
Submitted by Andrew Macia
400. "You make me want to be a better man."
Submitted by Andrew Macia
401. "You are my love...you are my life."
Submitted by Andrew Macia
402. "IN THIS SAD WORLD FULL OF GRIEF AND DESPAIR, BEING IN LOVE IS KNOWING YOU HAVE SOMEONE'S HAND TO REACH OUT AND HOLD ONTO THROUGH IT ALL!"
Submitted by auntiedeb
403. "I KNOW IT'S RIGHT, BECAUSE YOU WERE THE GUY I WAS WRITING POEMS ABOUT AND DREAMING OF WHEN I WAS 14. IT TOOK 22 YEARS TO FIND YOU, AND IT WAS WELL WORTH THE WAIT."
Submitted by auntiedeb
404. "WHEN YOU'RE IN LOVE, IT'S LIKE HAVING A PIECE OF HEAVENS' GOLDEN GATES IN YOUR POCKET LIKE A GUARDIAN ANGEL!"
Submitted by auntiedeb
405. "Look into my eyes and you'll see what your love is doing to me. My eyes have learned to smile."
Submitted by IVY
406. "To love is nothing. To be loved is something. To love and be loved is EVERYTHING!!
Claire "crazy for Scott" Dempsey
407. "The stars are quite like love, love is beautiful and burns on, brightly forever, love is almost mysteriuos just as the stars in the magnificent sky."
Submitted by kristina marie griffith
408. "Love is all I have left to give.. treasure it."
Submitted by Anna
409. "Love is when you look into someones eyes and go all the way inside, to their soul and you both know... instantly."
Angela Chase on My So Called Life
Submitted by Kelly Campbell
410. "Love is a promise, love is a souvenir, once given never forgotten, never let it disappear."
John Lennon
Submitted by Crystal Rose
411. "You may only be one person to the world but you may also be the world to one person!"
Submitted by Anonymous
412. "Laughter is the shortest distance between two people."
Victor Borge
Submitted by Mark Raleigh
413. "Sometimes I think that if i wasn't so good at pretending to be, I'd be better at actually being happy..."
Angela From My So-called Life
Submitted by Flower {\o/}
414. "If you love two people, you don't love either one enough."
Submitted by Ron DeCesare
415. "Your love is thick and it swallowed me whole..."
Alanis Moresett
Submitted by Anonymous
416. "I think we dream so we don't have to be apart so long. If we're in each other's dreams, we can be together all the time."
Hobbes
417. "Where we love is home, home that our feet may leave but not our hearts."
Anonymous
418. "There is no greater wonder than the way the face and character of a woman fit so perfectly in a man's mind, and stay there, and he could never tell you why. It just seems it was the thing he most wanted."
Robert Louis Stevenson
419. "Friendship is love without His wings."
G.G.Byron
420. "Friendship often ends in love, but love in friendship - never."
Ch.Colton
421. "Love is like water, you can always replinish yourself with it."
Submitted by Anonymous
422. "To love only for the looks is to only see with your eyes, but to love with your soul is to see with your heart."
Submitted by Anonymous
423. "It does not bother me to say this isn't love, because if you don't want to talk about it then it isn't love."
Submitted by Anonymous
424. "Love is not a feeling... Love is an everlasting committment!"
Submitted by Anonymous
425. "Love is God's mistake."
Tears for Fears
426. "Not all heroes walk in the glamour of the lights,
Not all angels have wings,
Love is the power that will open your eyes,
Love is the sight that lets you see these things."
Sir Pavio Writesalot
427. "The grand essentials of happiness are something to do, something to love and something to hope for."
Submitted by Dixie
428. "Love is the binding that holds you to your dreams. Love does not come over you, rather you choose to love. Only when you choose to love one forever and you stand by that dedication of love will you truly love for life and live happily ever after."
Sir Pavio Writesalot
429. "Someday, somewhere, somehow, ME AND YOU."
Joshua D. Richardson
430. "While the forbidden fruit is said to taste sweeter, it usually spoils faster."
Emma
431. "Love is an irresistible desire to be irresistibly desired."
Robert Frost
Submitted by Shannon Lee
432. "Love has many imitations!, but theres only one kind of love!?, and that's what I feel for you?!"
Submitted by Anonymous
433. "If you love somebody enough to say you truly love them, then it must be love."
Submitted by Stephany
434. "It's easy to say "I love you." But only "I do" says you're really one, for always."
Submitted by Chrissi
435. "Tears are the thank you notes of the soul...love is the gift."
Submitted by Anonymous
436. "You took my hand and lead me to a stair case to the stars."
Anonymous, submitted by Pagalle
437. "LOVE ME FOR WHAT I AM, NOT FOR WHAT I HAVE."
Submitted by vickson
438. "IF YOU WANT TO LOVE, LOVE CAREFULLY BECAUSE ONE SIDED LOVE MEANS TOTAL LOSS!"
Submitted by Anonymous
439. "I'm not perfect. You're not perfect. But two people can be perfect together, perfect for each other."
Submitted by Valerie Lee
440. "Two people can create a love all their own, but without God's love, there's nothing to be created."
Submitted by Valerie Lee
441. "One can live magnificently in this world if one knows how to work and how to love."
Leo Tolstoy
Submitted by Valerie Lee
442. "If the love is true and meant to be, God will tell you through the heart, mind, and soul."
Submitted by Valerie Lee
443. "What the conscious mind can't recognize, the heart might know."
Submitted by Valerie Lee
444. "A single word relieve us of worries and fears. That word is love."
Huy Nhan
Submitted by Thanh Thao
445. "To love someone else, is God's gift; to love only yourself, is a sin!!"
Submitted by Bri B*
446. "If you have love what more do you need?"
Submitted by Heather Malone
447. "Don't cry because it's over, smile because it happened."
Submitted by tiffany walker
448. "I always knew I would look back on my tears and laugh but I never knew I would look back at my laughter and cry."
Source Unknown
Submitted by tiffany walker
449. "When the mind and the heart are in harmony, and the soul has been ignited... it is called LOVE."
Submitted by Ruth Ruska
450. "A promise made is a promise forever."
Submitted by Theresa
451. "There are moments when lovers need to be apart, in order to love better and more completely."
Personal Expressions
Submitted by Casey Centos
452. "Love is a dream that comes alive when we meet."
Submitted by Jen J.
453. "To love is to receive a glimpse of heaven."
Submitted by Jen J.
454. "If I know what love is, it is because of you."
Submitted by Jen J.
456. "You know you love someone when you want them to be happy even if their happiness means that you're not part of it."
Submitted by Mary Grace
457. "Love goes to love like schoolboys from their books. But love from love, towards school with heavy looks."
Shakespeare
Submitted by Gene
458. "A woman's love is a man's privilege, not his right."
Source Unknown
459. "Every time you smile at someone, it is an action of love, a gift to that person, a beautiful thing."
Mother Teresa
460. "Love is not the saying of the words but the giving of the self."
Robert Lander
461. "Love is not a matter of counting the years... but making the years count."
Michelle St. Amand
462. "God is love and if you lose yourself in him you will find yourself."
Submitted by Ligaya Macayaon
463. "When I think of you I get this feeling that I want to see you. I miss you."
Submitted by Anna
464. "A whole new world for you and me..."
Aladdin
Submitted by Pagalle
465. "Your Love is like a candle that warms my heart..."
Anonymous, submitted by Pagalle
466. "Tears are the thank you notes of the soul...love is the gift."
Submitted by elizabeth
467. "Love is precious
Love is pure
Love is endless
That's for sure"
Submitted by Lucia Luis
468. "LOVE IS.... ACCEPTING AND FORGIVING FOR THE THINGS YOU DO NOT UNDERSTAND."
Submitted by ANN WRIGHT
469. "Love looks not with eyes, but with the mind."
William Shakespeare
Submitted by Joana Gapas
470. "Sometimes, I ask myslef, 'Is it really worth it?' And I answer myself, 'YES!'"
Pepe le Pew
471. "Love is a stranger that beckons you on. Don't think of the danger, or the stranger is gone. This dream is for you, so pay the price. Make one dream come true, you only live twice."
Nancy Sinatra
472. "I'm all alone and fancy-free, but that ain't the way I want it to be."
Might Mack Blues
473. "They say I loved her? No! The dimple in my left cheek merely had a good opinion of her."
Submitted by The Love Doctor
474. "Love is when the woman of your dreams becomes a reality and sleep stops being a priority."
Submitted by Anonymous
475. "When I say I love you, I mean I accept you the way you are and I expect the same from you."
Submitted by Prashant Bari
476. "Love is not love till you give it away."
Sappho, verse 46
Submitted by Arbi
477. "Love is not just for fun but fun makes love for us."
Submitted by AKBER WALI
478. "Love is to share your life with someone you love and love forgets mistakes."
Submitted by ck
479. "If you ask me about the love, I can't answer you. But if you ask me who I love, the answer is you."
Submitted by dpy
480. "Love is like a rhino, it is shortsighted and hasty. If it cannot find a way, it will make a way.
Source Unknown
Submitted by Ace Espiritu
481. "You know you're in love when you think about that person, and your stomach gets all fuzzy and squishy."
Submitted by Robin Dean
482. "Some say love makes you weak from vulnerability, I say love makes you strong from surviving the fires of passion."
Submitted by Robin Dean
483. "Thy love is an art, you are the picture that I paint when I am blind, when I couldn't see...."
Submitted by MARTIAN
484. "Love isn't a kind of game that you should play with but it's love that plays you and me..."
Kevin Jickin
485. "If a star fell from the sky everytime that I thought of you there would be none."
Submitted by Charlene Wright
486. "Love not for the sake of loving but for LOVE!"
Submitted by Anonymous
487. "No matter where you go, however far away, a part of me will be with you and a part of you, with me, will stay."
Submitted by Courtney Spangler
488. "There is no way to describe love for mere words would not do it justice."
Submitted by Brian
489. "SWEET IS SUGAR, nice is flower and so are you."
Submitted by Heasen, MOROCCO
490. "You know your in love when you can see your unborn children in her eyes."
Bryan Adams
from Have You Ever Loved A Woman?
491. "Time may change my life but my hearts remains the same to you. Time may change your heart but my love for you never changes."
X-Japan, Submitted by Yoshiki
492. "Love is not the one where you can picture who you are going to marry, but the one you can't live without."
A Wise Old Man
493. "If the sky were maid of paper and the ocean my ink well I still wouldn't be able to describe how much I love you and how wonderful you make me feel when I am with."
John L. Doherty
494. "Countless words, nor countless actions could ever define my feelings for you. True love defies definition."
Submitted by Aaron D.
495. "Love is like standing in wet cement. The longer you stay, the harder it is to leave. And you can never go without leaving your shoes behind."
Submitted by Michelle Simmons
496. "Soft words hold more power than strong hands."
Source Unknown
497. "Laughter is the sunshine I can hear."
Source Unknown
498. "Never shall I forget the days I spent with you. Continue to be my friend as you shall always find me yours."
Submitted by Beethoven
499. "Truly loving another means letting go of all expectations. It means full acceptance, even celebration of another's personhood."
Source Unknown
500. "The best and most beautiful things cannot be seen or even touched, they must be felt with the heart."
Source Unknown
501. "The heart already knows what the mind can only dream of. Trust your heart."
Peace
502. "Better to have loved and lost than never to have loved at all. Because no matter what, loving yourself can heal anything."
Lia Gay
503. "Those who bring sunshine to the lives of others cannot keep it from themselves."
James M. Barrie
504. "Love, love what a beautiful thing. Just think of all the joy it brings. As you stand by yourself on the beach and sing. Love...what a beautiful thing."
Source Unknown
505. "And the greatest miracle of all is how I need you and how you needed me too."
Billy Joel
from "Longest Time"
506. "To meet and part is the way of life. To part and meet is the hope of life."
Source Unknown
Submitted by malik sharif
507. "Love is patient, love is kind. Love never fails. These three remain: faith, hope and love. But the greatest of these is Love."
Saint Paul
Submitted by Chet
508. "You know your in love when every time you close your eyes, you see that special someone."
Submitted by Eric "Icky" Werling
509. "To love someone is as sweet as vanilla cone with a cherry on top."
Stacy
510. "Love is when you find someone you can tell your deepest darkest secrets to."
Submitted by Stacy
511. "A dark seemful bliss remembering a midnight winter's kiss."
Submitted by Eric "Icky" Werling
512. "My heart love till now for sweared sight, for I never saw true beauty till this night."
from Shakespeare's Romeo & Juliet
Submitted by Jen Foley
513. "The eyes are the gateway to the soul. A person's eyes tell everything about them."
Submitted by Alicia
514. "Listen to my heart beat as it goes, Thump, Thump, Thump. It is saying 'I love you' 'I love you' 'I love you'"
Submitted by John438285
515. "When I am with you, I really wish time had broken wngs."
Submitted by Luke Black
516. "Love is blind, but your friends aren't"
Dominic Kerns
517. "I don't miss you and you alone... I miss you and me together."
Pankaj
Submitted by Kitty
518. "Love denies gravity, letting me fly into the skies."
Submitted by Peter Hong
519. "I'd like to meet you in a timeless, placeless place; somewhere out of context and beyond all consequences."
Submitted by Cheyenne
520. "Green is the grass, blue is the sky, you are the apple of my eye."
Submitted by Anonymous
521. "They say beauty is in the eye of the beholder. If so stand still and behold the beauty god has created."
Submitted by Becky L.
522. "Be comforted and don't be lonely. The sun shines on you by day, and the moon and the stars reflect their light on you by night; Thus you are loved by those around you, with an unceasing, bright love. Hold this love in your hopes and remember it in your prayers."
Joanne Domenech
Submitted by Helen Clarke
523. "If you always love who you always liked then you'll always get who you always got."
Submitted by Amanda Sheehan
524. "Love is like a storm. It is calm and soothing. It is natural and essential. It is powerful and fulfilling and nothing can get in it's way."
Submitted by IVY
525. "Love is like a good book, once you open it you may not want to close it."
Submitted by Andrea
526. "Life is a game we play. Love is the reason we play it."
Submitted by Andrea
527. "Even though my love is as big as a dime, still it'll stand the test of time."
Submitted by TOAD2
528. "Why do I think I love you? I'd rather see you smiling than see you naked..."
Submitted by Omer m
529. "This may sound selfish, but, I hope that I die before you do, my love, because I never want to know the pain of what it's like to be without you."
Submitted by Troy Dawson
530. "You live to be loved, and you die to be remebered."
Submitted by Adeel
531. "When I saw you I thought I had you, when I lost you I realised I never had you."
Submitted by Adeel
532. "Follow the path your heart lays for you, for it will never deceive you. "
Submitted by Adeel
533. "We found each other somewhere between the day and the night... amidst the past and the future... and now we are tangled up with each other."
Scarlett
Submitted by Michelle Pascua
534. "To love someone is to see a miracle invisible to others."
Mark
Submitted by Michelle P.
535. "If you kiss someone that you do not love it's great. But just think of kissing someone that you truly and madly are in love with. There is no greater feel than that."
Submitted by Steve
536. "If you truly love her, if you ever break-up, your heart will always go on. That is true love."
Submitted by Steve
537. "Power is one thing, Money and Power are two things, But LOVE is everything."
Submitted by Renny Hartono
538. "I love you more than I miss you. If you put that in numbers, you will need more than just a computer."
Submitted by Renny Hartono
539. "I love you more than I miss you. If you put that in numbers, you will need more than just a computer."
Submitted by Renny Hartono
540. "Don't marry a person you can live with, marry somebody you can't live without."
Submitted by Anonymous
541. "I love not how beautiful you are, but beautiful you are in my heart."
Submitted by Chung
542. "You are that pot of gold at the end of the rainbow."
Submitted by Chung
543. "A man without love is only half a man."
Submitted by James E. Johnson
544. "Why is it that when we talk to God we're said to be praying, but when God talks to us we're schizophrenic?""
Submitted by Anonymous Submission
545. "A great lover is not one who loves many, but one who loves one woman for life."
Submitted by Anonymous
546. "Don't rely on the past to create the future, rely on the future to erase the past."
Submitted by Anonymous
547. "What the eye can't see, the heart can not grieve over..."
Submitted by Kitty Bhasin
548. "You and love came into my life at the very same moment."
Submitted by Anonymous
549. "Relationships born out of desperation, seldom last longer than relationships fashioned out of despair."
Submitted by Tamika Haskins
550. "When you're not here something's missing... my smile."
Submitted by Marielle
551. "In the end the love you take is equal to the love you make!"
Blaine McMillan
Cheryl Kelly
552. "Love starts with a glance that turns into a stare that enters your heart and you are never the same."
Submitted by Leia
553. "There is only one happiness in life, to love or to be loved."
Submitted by Chunky
554. "Love isn't blind. It just isn't looking your way at the moment."
Submitted by Chunky
555. "Love is beautiful, go out and catch you one."
Submitted by John Roth
556. "Love... like a gun, often kills."
Submitted by Rick Aguas
557. "Just because something won't last forever doesn't mean it can't last a lifetime."
Casper
Submitted by Genesis
558. "Sometimes I think if I blink, you'll disappear."
L.J. Smith
Submitted by IVY
559. "I just can't imagine life without you anymore, but I'm so afraid you'll go away."
Submitted by IVY
560. "Once you see into somoeone's soul, you're attached forever."
Submitted by IVY
561. "Love is a beautiful dream and sometimes you just wake up."
Submitted by Matt Platco
562. "A kiss can be a comma, a question mark, or an exclamation point."
Mistinguett
Submitted by Megan
563. "PASSION: There are some things in life that catch your eye... and then there are those that capture your heart...Pursue those."
Submitted by Mary Grace
564. "I am who I am and I do what I must... to serve is my purpose... devotion am I"
Submitted by Anonymous
565. "Boyfriends come and go, but friends are forever."
Submitted by Elisse
566. "Love is free... it is given, it doesn't expect anything back... not taken, but accepted."
Submitted by Elisse
567. "There may be many flowers in a man's life, but there is only one rose."
Submitted by Mike Lawrie Sr.
568. "Love is the shortest distance between two people."
Submitted by Samuel Corbin
569. "Where there is music... there is Love."
Submitted by Samuel Corbin
571. "Love makes us all a little weaker, but in the end we all turn out a little stronger."
Submitted by Kaity
572. "Love will die if held too tightly; love will fly if held too lightly."
Douglas Mckinnon
Submitted by Maggie Guzman
573. "Wenn ich dich lieb habe, was geht's dich en?
(If I love you, what business is that of yours?)"
Goethe
Submitted by Becki
574. "If you love someone tell them, don't wait or else you will loss the chance..."
Submitted by Piggy
575. "Love is a cruel misstress that comes and goes as she pleases."
Submitted by Anonymous
576. "Love is when you want to reach inside another's body and join your heart to other's."
Submitted by Ashish Singhal
577. "I only wish to be the fountain of love from which you drink, every drop promising eternal passion."
Submitted by Miriam
578. "Loving, knowing that you are going to get hurt is like living knowing that you are going to die. But not loving so you don't get hurt is like killing yourself before you die."
Submitted by Anonymous
579. "IT ONLY TAKES A SECOND TO SAY "I LOVE YOU" BUT IT WILL TAKE A LIFETIME TO SHOW YOU HOW MUCH!"
Submitted by ANN WRIGHT
580. "Love is like a storm. It is calm and soothing. It is natural and essential. It is powerful and fulfilling and nothing can get in it's way."
Submitted by IVY
580. "The stolen kisses are always the sweetest."
Source Unknown
Submitted by CandyMan
581. "Live to love because if you miss love you miss life."
Dr. Leo Buscaglia
Submitted by CandyMan
582. "Love: Two souls with the same thinking, two hearts with the same beating."
Source Unknown
Submitted by CandyMan
583. "Everyday is Valentine with you beside. The rose had wilted but let you be mine.
Submitted by Anita
584. "Love is the wind under your wings"
Submitted by JFS
585. "You don't love a girl because of beauty. You love her because she sings a song only you can understand..."
Lisa Jane Smith
Submitted by IVY
586. "Love hurts when you know that it will never come true."
Submitted by Anonymous
587. "All my life I pray for someone like you and I thank God that I finally found you."
K-Ci and Jojo
Submitted by IVY
588. "Did my heart love till now? For swear it sight, for I never saw true beauty till this night."
William Shakespeare--Romeo and Juliet
Submitted by IVY
589. "It's like you want to show that special someone why you love them right then and there, but it takes a life time to show that person, and that's the beauty of love and what makes it last."
Submitted by Matthew Fidler
590. "Love is an enigma. Suddenly you fall in love and from that moment your heart starts to ache and you are in pain. Love is your spirit's desease. Be strong--do not cry. Hope that love will cure your pain, your heart."
Submitted by Anonymous
591. "True love is when you're still dancing, long after the music has stopped."
Submitted by Anonymous
592. "Everybody is somebodys daydream."
Submitted by Tara Wilson
593. "You must surrender to love to know its glory; one who truly feels love also knows pain equally as well."
Submitted by tj
594. "Love, sweet love, why art thou so complex?"
Source Unknown
595. "This too shall pass."
Source Unknown
596. "I had the worst dream last night that some phyco was trying to break the two of you up... fortunatly I woke up to find the world just as it should be. For my best friend has won the best man."
Source Unknown
597. "My love is like a tree, the roots of which grow deeper every day; I have no ways of uprooting it."
Submitted by Anonymous
598. "Anything I could do to make your heart overflow with all great emotions, I would constantly do for eternity."
Submitted by Justin
599. "A tear falls forever inside a broken heart." 
Submitted by Crystal Rose
600. "Love is a magical dream; existing forever in our minds."
Submitted by Crystal Rose
601. "Angels capture love and sprinkle it upon our hearts."
Submitted by Crystal Rose
602. "An enchanting mind showers glowing warmth throughout our hearts."
Submitted by Crystal Rose
603. "Love is true, love is kind, if you don't look for love, you'll be left behind."
Submitted by Cheston Hayworth
604. "Love makes us all a little weaker, but in the end we all turn out a little stronger."
Submitted by Kaity
605. "Love will die if held too tightly; love will fly if held too lightly."
Douglas Mckinnon
Submitted by Maggie Guzman
606. "Wenn ich dich lieb habe, was geht's dich en?
(If I love you, what business is that of yours?)"
Goethe
Submitted by Becki
607. "If you love someone tell them, don't wait or else you will loss the chance..."
Submitted by Piggy
608. "Love is a cruel misstress that comes and goes as she pleases."
Submitted by Anonymous
609. "Love is when you want to reach inside another's body and join your heart to other's."
Submitted by Ashish Singhal
610. "I only wish to be the fountain of love from which you drink, every drop promising eternal passion."
Submitted by Miriam
611. "Loving, knowing that you are going to get hurt is like living knowing that you are going to die. But not loving so you don't get hurt is like killing yourself before you die."
Submitted by Anonymous
612. "IT ONLY TAKES A SECOND TO SAY "I LOVE YOU" BUT IT WILL TAKE A LIFETIME TO SHOW YOU HOW MUCH!"
Submitted by ANN WRIGHT
613. "The stolen kisses are always the sweetest."
Source Unknown
Submitted by CandyMan
614. "Live to love because if you miss love you miss life."
Dr. Leo Buscaglia
Submitted by CandyMan
615. "Love: Two souls with the same thinking, two hearts with the same beating."
Source Unknown
Submitted by CandyMan
616. "Everyday is Valentine with you beside. The rose had wilted but let you be mine.
Submitted by Anita
617. "Love is the wind under your wings"
Submitted by JFS
618. "You don't love a girl because of beauty. You love her because she sings a song only you can understand..."
Lisa Jane Smith
Submitted by IVY
619. "Love hurts when you know that it will never come true."
Submitted by Anonymous
620. "All my life I pray for someone like you and I thank God that I finally found you."
K-Ci and Jojo
Submitted by IVY
621. "Love adds a precious seeing to the eye..."
William Shakespeare
Submitted by Kellie Robertson 
622. "Love is two way traffic, too much effort may cause traffic jams."
Submitted by iwanz
623. "Love is the most beautiful of expressions, not to be hidden, but to be shared with you."
Submitted by kelly
624. "Love is nothing without friendship."
Submitted by Sarah W.
625. "If missing you, is the hardest part of my life. -- Then soften it please, and be my wife."
Submitted by ~AC~
626. "How blessed I am that I can walk beside you, lean upon you, and live within the warmth of your love."
Roy Lessin
Submitted by Nancy Mericier
627. "Music is love in search of a work."
Sidney Lanier
Submitted by Nancy Mericier
628. "Today is another day whereby our love can grow even more."
Submitted by Scott M. Cook
629. "Love is blind so they say, yet only then do you see so well!"
Submitted by Nicole
630. "Sometimes you don't realize how much you care for someone, until they stop caring for you."
Submitted by Jennifer Berger
631. "Did you know that we all have this big time bomb inside of us? Yeah, it's called love."
Submitted by Matt Platco
632. "The things I remember most about being in love, is the joy that lasted for a while, the smiles, the way you held me, and all the tears I cried for deceiving me."
Submitted by Casper
633. "When I look into your eyes I see forever."
Submitted by Desiree Branson
634. "Love is the most important treasure for which we're here, living."
Submitted by E.M.B.
635. "I will always love you more than yesterday."
Submitted by Angelina Trotter
636. "Scared to take the step and unsure of it's future but knowing it needs to be taken or you can't move forward."
Submitted by lance
637. "If love is so important to have that one doesn't want to lose it, why is it when we find true love we often don't notice it?"
Submitted by lance
638. "Are we more afraid of what we can see or what is unseen? "
Submitted by lance
639. "We have a crazy love that will last for a lifetime."
Submitted by CL
640. "A Kiss is just another reminder that two heads are better than one."
Submitted by Lara Clemenzi
641. "No matter how smart someone is, they'll never realize what they have, until it is gone..."
Submitted by Anonymous
642. "You never know what you have until it's gone!"
Submitted by Toni
643. "Love is like an open book, once you've opened it, you may never want to close it..."
Submitted by Anonymous
644. "Sometimes...we have to be alone..."
Submitted by ^starz^
645. "OH. I just remembered how your hands fit the curve of my waist and how your smiles fit the curve of my mind."
Submitted by Anonymous
646. "If you really love someone, you're willing to let go even if it hurts so bad. And when he/she comes back to you, that's TRUE LOVE."
Submitted by karinz
647. "I want to stand with you on a mountain, I want to bath with you in the sea, I want to lay like this forever, until the sky falls down on me."
Savage Garden
Submitted by Dreamer
648. "I'll go for miles 'till I find you"
Green Day
Submitted by Dreamer
649. "Cause I'm holding on with a love so strong and I can't take a day without you by my side."
Backstreet Boys
Submitted by Dreamer
"650. Love never dies."
Bram Stroker
Submitted by baby doll
651. "Everytime I feel your heartbeat, it is a gentle reminder of the soul that lives within."
Submitted by Ruth Ruska
652. "We've got this great gift of love, but love is like a precious plant. You can't just accept it and leave it in the cupboard or just think it is going to get on by itself. You've got to keep watering it. You've got to really look after it and nurture it."
John Lennon, 1969
Submitted by Lisa
653. "Falling in love consists merely in uncorking the imagination and bottling the common sense."
Helen Rowland, 1922
Submitted by Lisa
654. "Love sneaks up on you, like a gentle summer breeze caressing and enveloping you with warmth."
Submitted by Ruth Ruska
655. "Whoso loves believes the impossible..."
Elizabeth Barrett Browning, 1857
Submitted by Lisa
656. "He who is in love is wise and is becoming wiser, sees newly everytime he looks at the object beloved, drawing from it with his eyes and his mind those virtues which it possesses."
Ralph Waldo Emerson, 1841
Submitted by Lisa
657. "Some people come into our lives and quickly go. Some people stay a while and leave footprints on our hearts and we are never the same."
Unknown
Submitted by Lisa
658. "Love is like a precious jewel.. You do not realize what you have till it begins to shine. After you see the glow, you can never live without it."
Submitted by Rhonda
659. "The true love is only in the mind... never to be real unless it flows in the heart."
Submitted by dennis m. bautista
660. "Love, is like water, we take it for granted. Thus, when it is gone, it becomes crucial."
Submitted by Vicky
661. "Once in a while, the gift of love will come to us in full blossom, and we will take hold of it.If love chooses to leave then set it free. It would surely come back if it's meant for you. Just be glad that it came to live for a moment in your life."
Submitted by Vicky
662. "Insanity and love are very much alike...you're crazy in both states."
Submitted by Joey Ramos
663. "Love- infinite translations, but each never the same."
Submitted by Joey Ramos
664. "Loving someone is loving that someone despite that person's flaws and weakness."
Submitted by Siti Rafeah
665. "Love is like war: Easy to begin, but hard to end."
Submitted by Anonymous
666. "Love is more easily demonstrated than defined!"
Submitted by Liz
667. "Thoughts of you warm my heart like a moon lit summer night."
Submitted by LIZA
668. "You know it is love when you want to keep holding hands even after they are sweaty."
Submitted by Eileen F Wadel
669. "I chased after love for what seemed forever, but it was when I stopped to take a rest that it found me."
Submitted by Eileen F Wadel
670. "If I am there to see the world end, I will stand firm if but your hand is yet in mine."
Submitted by Eileen F Wadel
671. "On my wedding day, I hope to say, "I shall miss the tragedy of lost loves, but I am off to wed my bliss."
Submitted by Eileen F Wadel
672. "There may be loves found and lost, and my heart broken, but now, at this moment, the hope of love to come makes me smile."
Submitted by Eileen F Wadel
673. "Did my heart love till now? For swear it sight, for I never saw true beauty till this night."
William Shakespeare--Romeo and Juliet
Submitted by IVY
674. "It's like you want to show that special someone why you love them right then and there, but it takes a life time to show that person, and that's the beauty of love and what makes it last."
Submitted by Matthew Fidler
675. "Love is an enigma. Suddenly you fall in love and from that moment your heart starts to ache and you are in pain. Love is your spirit's desease. Be strong--do not cry. Hope that love will cure your pain, your heart."
Submitted by Anonymous
676. "True love is when you're still dancing, long after the music has stopped."
Submitted by Anonymous
677. "Everybody is somebodys daydream."
Submitted by Tara Wilson
678. "You must surrender to love to know its glory; one who truly feels love also knows pain equally as well."
Submitted by tj
679. "Love, sweet love, why art thou so complex?"
Source Unknown
680. "This too shall pass."
Source Unknown
681. "I had the worst dream last night that some phyco was trying to break the two of you up... fortunatly I woke up to find the world just as it should be. For my best friend has won the best man."
Source Unknown
682. "My love is like a tree, the roots of which grow deeper every day; I have no ways of uprooting it."
Submitted by Anonymous
683. "Anything I could do to make your heart overflow with all great emotions, I would constantly do for eternity."
Submitted by Justin
684. "A tear falls forever inside a broken heart." 
Submitted by Crystal Rose
685. "Love is a magical dream; existing forever in our minds."
Submitted by Crystal Rose
686. "Angels capture love and sprinkle it upon our hearts."
Submitted by Crystal Rose
687. "An enchanting mind showers glowing warmth throughout our hearts."
Submitted by Crystal Rose
688. "Love is true, love is kind, if you don't look for love, you'll be left behind."
Submitted by Cheston Hayworth
689. "The moment I looked in your eyes I fell in love. Everytime I look I fall in love again. I've looked so many times, and have gathered so much love. I have so much to carry with me I don't know what to do. So I'm thinking of putting my love together and sharing some with YOU!"
Submitted by Brea Oliver
690. "Doubt the stars are fire. Doubt the sun doth move. Doubt truth to be a liar. But never doubt I love."
William Shakespeare
Submitted by faye
691. "The fire which seems out often sleeps beneath the cinders."
Pierre Coreille
Submitted by Robert Herring
692. "I like not only to be loved, but to be told I am loved."
George Eliot
Submitted by Diosa
693. "The most precious possession that ever comes to a man in this world is a woman's heart."
Holland
Submitted by Diosa
694. "If you don't love too much, you don't love enough."
Submitted by adeel
695. "You will never know love, unless you surrender to it."
Submitted by Matt Platco
696. "You don't know what you have until you've lost it, so don't let it get away."
Submitted by Matt Platco
697. "If you harness your power you can make any man love you, just not the ones who know you personally."
Submitted by Casper
698. "Love is like a volcano, it is always there and never leaves, but it erupts without warning and only when it wants to. It's uncontrollable."
Submitted by Matt Platco
699. "Love does not bind with chains and demands, love gives the soul wings. Love teaches freedom and happiness and gives inner peace."
Submitted by Wendy
700. "Love is a rebellion which needs a glory."
Submitted by dennis m. bautista
701. "Love is life, and I shall live!"
Submitted by Eric Banda
702. "Teach me how I should forget to think"
William Shakespeare
703. "Why does the sun go on shining, why does the ocean run to shore, don't they know it's the end of the world, it's the end of the world because you don't love me anymore."
Submitted by Casper
704. "Some dreams are better from a far."
Submitted by Anonymous
705. "If you do not love, you are not real, for love is the only real thing in this world of dreams."
Submitted by Maggie West
706. "To love is to live by your consequence."
Submitted by Maggie West
707. "You can only love a person when you are willing to cry over them."
Submitted by Maggie West
708. "Hold love in your arms and cradle it dear, for it only comes but once."
Submitted by Maggie West
709. "When love seems to be on the edge, tie a rope to it's end and hold on, just hold on..."
Submitted by Maggie West
710. "If loving you would mean heartbreak and endless quarrels, it would be worth it."
Submitted by Maggie West
711. "If living life would mean loving you for the rest of my life, I would take the chance."
Submitted by Maggie West
712. "Love is only a once in a lifetime offer."
Submitted by Maggie West
713. "I love you, I really do, but making me your whole life won't do much good for you. Love me enough to let me go."
Submitted by Maggie West
714. "True love never goes smooth."
Submitted by Anonymous
715. "I love your passion, you make me respond so easily. I feel your touch. I become so alive at the sound of your voice. I want to lay beside you till the end of time. How can this be? We haven't even met!"
Submitted by cathy
716. "Love starts with a smile grows with a kiss and ends with a tear."
Submitted by Anonymous
717. "Friends stand by each other through thick and thin, every time you need me I will always be there for you. You make me happy, you make me laugh, you are the best friend anyone can ever have. Best Friends."
Submitted by Nickie Roark
718. "True love is unconditional and everlasting, it is established over time and validated with memories of the past."
Submitted by Philip Cataldo
719. "If you've got love you can move a mountain a little bit further down the line. You can do it all at once or one rock at a time. It can turn an ordinary picture into a priceless work of art. There's nothing you can't do if you've got love in your heart."
Source Unknown
Submitted by Sarah Wegner
720. "Love is a story book that writes for itself."
Submitted by Paul Batano
721. "Love is stronger than pride, so when you love someone, tell them and never let go."
Submitted by Tonese Reed
722. "My love is all i have to give with out you I don't think I could live and I wish could give the world to you but my love is all I have to give."
Submitted by Anonymous
723. "LOVE is truly a 'MAGIC'."
Submitted by dorothy
724. "Your love is like a sweet, gentle breeze caressing the very essence of my soul."
Submitted by Sven Restel
725. "Love in the heart wasn't put there to stay, Love isn't love 'till it's given away!"
Submitted by ceejaye
726. "Love is being able to give up what you want so others don't get hurt."
Submitted by Shelia
727. "Love is you and love is me, with each other you have nothing but memories to fill the empty spaces in your heart. Don't give up on the search for love, for you never know what the future has in store for you."
Submitted by Dixie Saccheri
728. "Love is the sweetest of dreams, and the worst of nightmares."
from Shakespeare's A Midsummer Night's Dream
Submitted by Bethany Faulkner
729. "Do you trust me?"
from the Titanic
Submitted by maria
730. "Your happiness is my happiness. I love you therefor, I must let you go."
Submitted by Christine Sugatan
731. "Love means never doubting anything. It means trusting and being honest with each other."
Submitted by Christine Sugatan
732. "A lost love is a part of you that will always remain empty. A love that could've been shared forever."
Submitted by Christine Sugatan
733. "I love you and you love me. That's all we'll ever need."
Submitted by Christine Sugatan
734. "True, there are plenty of fish in the sea, but there are only a few mermaids."
Chris
735. "In order to know love, one must live it."
Monique Taitague
736. "Love is a feeling that wakes you up before your alarm."
Submitted by LMK
737. "Love is what we all live for and we don't realize it till we've found it."
Submitted by Melody
738. "Your kisses, your heavenly touch will keep me from letting go of your loss. I will always remember your gentle words. Love lasts forever."
Submitted by Christine Keh
739. "I will always love you and when I love you I start to realize that you were meant for me."
MxPx
Submitted by leann
740. "Love is something that grows from friendship."
MxPx
Submitted by claire
741. "You should sing like no ones listening, dance like no ones watching, and love like its never gonna hurt!"
Submitted by Andy Lucas
742. "One man has given my soul a contentment so absolute that it will forevermore see him as its true creator."
Submitted by Eileen F Wadel
743. "Life without friendship is death without witness."
Submitted by Patrmcia
744. "Drink to me only with thine eyes,
And I will pledge with mine;
Or leave a kiss but in the cup,
And I'll not look for wine."
Ben Jonson, "Song to Celia"
Submitted by Kimberlie
745. "Love is a wonderful thing. You never have to take it away from one person to give it to another. There's always more than enough to go around."
Pamela J. deRoy
Submitted by Patricia
746. "The greatest gift is a portion of thyself."
Source Unknown
747. "Love not a man who has not courage."
Source Unknown
748. "Thou art to me a delicious torment."
Source Unknown
749. "Love is the rhythm of two hearts beating, sounding out a message, steady and true. Talk to me baby, tell me what you're feeling. I know what love is, What's it to you?"
Clay Walker
Submitted by Dyan
750. "Even if the sun refused to shine, even if romance ran out of rhyme; you would still have heart until the end of time. You're all I need, my love, my Valentine."
Martina McBride
Submitted by Dyan
751. "Kissing helps to show the love you have for someone, but real love starts in the heart and not the lips."
Submitted by Amanda E.
752. "Love is not in the words 'I love you' but in the actions 'I'll show you'."
Submitted by Mandy G.
753. "A true and great love can bear the pain and the longtitude of waiting even if it takes forever."
Submitted by Joybe Casillas
754. "It is because you are different from anyone else that you are special."
Submitted by ~AC~
755. "Hate has a reason for everything but LOVE is unreasonable."
V.R. Ahaefuthe
Submitted by anadeem
756. "Love is respect, love is admiration. Love is all the world can give you, and love is dedication. Love is the funny feeling in your stomach, the shaking of the knees, the sweaty palms, the dry mouth, and the sense of ease. Love never withers."
Submitted by Fred
757. "Let me not love you, for the rest of your life, but, for the rest of mine."
Submitted by Anonymous
758. "The friend of my adversity I shall always cherish most. I can better trust those who helped to relieve the gloom of my dark hours than those who are so ready to enjoy with me the sunshine of my prosperity."
Source Unknown
Submitted by Gonzalo
759. "Love is a feeling that flows through the air when two people are together and know that they care."
Submitted by Anonymous
760. "Time has passed, the season has changed, but the words, still remain the same."
Submitted by Narain
761. "I do not have to see heaven, because I see heaven in your lovely heart."
Submitted by Narain
762. "The day is done, the night is gone, but the dreams are yet to be done!"
Submitted by Charlene Camacho S.
763. "I feel... I think... I know... Therefore I am..."
Submitted by Charlene Camacho S.
764. "Watching you fall asleep I long for tomorrow."
Submitted by Randy Davidson
765. "I once dreamed of a place where I saw you, and only you, forever."
Submitted by Kelly Campbell
766. "I hate the stars becauseI look at the same ones as you do, without you."
Submitted by Kelly Campbell
767. "You can tell me to drop dead, I will and the last thing to escape my lips would be your name."
Submitted by Kelly Campbell
768. "It's better now... sometimes there are whole days when I think of you only now and then."
J.T.
Submitted by Kelly Campbell
769. "I wasn't kissing her, I was whispering in her mouth."
Chico Marx
Submitted by Kelly Campbell
770. "I love, therefore I am."
Submitted by Anonymous
771. "Pain is the price lovers pay."
Submitted by Anonymous
772. "It is better to travel hopefully than to arrive."
Robert Louis Stevenson
Submitted by Mark Raleigh
773. "If only I could remain as wonderfully clear and strong, my sweet love, as before my heart was stolen."
Submitted by Jennifer Wilkinson
774. "When you are in love nothing matters except that the other person is happy."
Submitted by anna
775. "Follow your heart and may all your dreams and wishes come true."
Submitted by BeckyL
776. "Just always remember that even when we are apart I will be missing you!!"
Submitted by Jes
777. "Love is not seen by the mind through sight, it is seen by the heart and soul by emotion."
Submitted by Ruby
778. "My life has been awaiting you, your footfall was my own hearts beat."
Submitted by Cassiopeia
779. "If I could be with you forever, my life would be complete."
Submitted by IVY
780. "I could get lost looking into your eyes."
Submitted by IVY
781. "True love is like a rainbow in the sky who always have different colors."
Submitted by dennis m. bautista
782. "The love which spread in the wind is the love full of courage."
Submitted by dennis m. bautista
783. "Love is astounding~if only we could find the right one to fit our being."
Submitted by Nicole
784. "True love can only be exprseed when both partners love each other."
Submitted by Adidas
785. "True love is the strongest emotion that cannot be broken."
Submitted by Adidas
786. "I can only love you, not for the rest of your life, but for the rest of mine."
Submitted by Anonymous
787. "Love adds a precious seeing to the eye..."
William Shakespeare
Submitted by Kellie Robertson 
788. "Love is two way traffic, too much effort may cause traffic jams."
Submitted by iwanz
789. "Love is the most beautiful of expressions, not to be hidden, but to be shared with you."
Submitted by kelly
790. "Love is nothing without friendship."
Submitted by Sarah W.
791. "If missing you, is the hardest part of my life. -- Then soften it please, and be my wife."
Submitted by ~AC~
792. "How blessed I am that I can walk beside you, lean upon you, and live within the warmth of your love."
Roy Lessin
Submitted by Nancy Mericier
793. "Music is love in search of a work."
Sidney Lanier
Submitted by Nancy Mericier
794. "Today is another day whereby our love can grow even more."
Submitted by Scott M. Cook
795. "Love is blind so they say, yet only then do you see so well!"
Submitted by Nicole
796. "Sometimes you don't realize how much you care for someone, until they stop caring for you."
Submitted by Jennifer Berger
797. "Did you know that we all have this big time bomb inside of us? Yeah, it's called love."
Submitted by Matt Platco
798. "The things I remember most about being in love, is the joy that lasted for a while, the smiles, the way you held me, and all the tears I cried for deceiving me."
Submitted by Casper
799. "When I look into your eyes I see forever."
Submitted by Desiree Branson
800. "Love is the most important treasure for which we're here, living."
Submitted by E.M.B.
801. "I will always love you more than yesterday."
Submitted by Angelina Trotter
802. "Scared to take the step and unsure of it's future but knowing it needs to be taken or you can't move forward."
Submitted by lance
803. "If love is so important to have that one doesn't want to lose it, why is it when we find true love we often don't notice it?"
Submitted by lance
804. "Are we more afraid of what we can see or what is unseen? "
Submitted by lance
805. "We have a crazy love that will last for a lifetime."
Submitted by CL
806. "A Kiss is just another reminder that two heads are better than one."
Submitted by Lara Clemenzi
807. "No matter how smart someone is, they'll never realize what they have, until it is gone..."
Submitted by Anonymous
808. "You never know what you have until it's gone!"
Submitted by Toni
809. "Love is like an open book, once you've opened it, you may never want to close it..."
Submitted by Anonymous
810. "Sometimes...we have to be alone..."
Submitted by ^starz^
811. "OH. I just remembered how your hands fit the curve of my waist and how your smiles fit the curve of my mind."
Submitted by Anonymous
812. "If you really love someone, you're willing to let go even if it hurts so bad. And when he/she comes back to you, that's TRUE LOVE."
Submitted by karinz
813. "I want to stand with you on a mountain, I want to bath with you in the sea, I want to lay like this forever, until the sky falls down on me."
Savage Garden
Submitted by Dreamer
814. "I'll go for miles 'till I find you"
Green Day
Submitted by Dreamer
815. "Cause I'm holding on with a love so strong and I can't take a day without you by my side."
Backstreet Boys
Submitted by Dreamer
816. "Love never dies."
Bram Stroker
Submitted by baby doll
817. "Everytime I feel your heartbeat, it is a gentle reminder of the soul that lives within."
Submitted by Ruth Ruska
818. "We've got this great gift of love, but love is like a precious plant. You can't just accept it and leave it in the cupboard or just think it is going to get on by itself. You've got to keep watering it. You've got to really look after it and nurture it."
John Lennon, 1969
Submitted by Lisa
819. "Falling in love consists merely in uncorking the imagination and bottling the common sense."
Helen Rowland, 1922
Submitted by Lisa
820. "Love sneaks up on you, like a gentle summer breeze caressing and enveloping you with warmth."
Submitted by Ruth Ruska
821. "Whoso loves believes the impossible..."
Elizabeth Barrett Browning, 1857
Submitted by Lisa
822. "He who is in love is wise and is becoming wiser, sees newly everytime he looks at the object beloved, drawing from it with his eyes and his mind those virtues which it possesses."
Ralph Waldo Emerson, 1841
Submitted by Lisa
823. "Some people come into our lives and quickly go. Some people stay a while and leave footprints on our hearts and we are never the same."
Unknown
Submitted by Lisa
824. "Love is like a precious jewel.. You do not realize what you have till it begins to shine. After you see the glow, you can never live without it."
Submitted by Rhonda
825. "The true love is only in the mind... never to be real unless it flows in the heart."
Submitted by dennis m. bautista
826. "Love, is like water, we take it for granted. Thus, when it is gone, it becomes crucial."
Submitted by Vicky
827. "Once in a while, the gift of love will come to us in full blossom, and we will take hold of it.If love chooses to leave then set it free. It would surely come back if it's meant for you. Just be glad that it came to live for a moment in your life."
Submitted by Vicky
828. "Insanity and love are very much alike...you're crazy in both states."
Submitted by Joey Ramos
829. "Love- infinite translations, but each never the same."
Submitted by Joey Ramos
830. "Loving someone is loving that someone despite that person's flaws and weakness."
Submitted by Siti Rafeah
831. "Love is like war: Easy to begin, but hard to end."
Submitted by Anonymous
832. "Love is more easily demonstrated than defined!"
Submitted by Liz
833. "Thoughts of you warm my heart like a moon lit summer night."
Submitted by LIZA
834. "You know it is love when you want to keep holding hands even after they are sweaty."
Submitted by Eileen F Wadel
835. "I chased after love for what seemed forever, but it was when I stopped to take a rest that it found me."
Submitted by Eileen F Wadel
836. "If I am there to see the world end, I will stand firm if but your hand is yet in mine."
Submitted by Eileen F Wadel
837. "On my wedding day, I hope to say, "I shall miss the tragedy of lost loves, but I am off to wed my bliss."
Submitted by Eileen F Wadel
838. "There may be loves found and lost, and my heart broken, but now, at this moment, the hope of love to come makes me smile."
Submitted by Eileen F Wadel
839. "Now let us play hide and seek. Should you hide in my heart it would not be difficult to find you. But should you hide behind your own shell, then it would be useless for anyone to seek you." 
Gibran Khalil Gibran
Submitted by Abdallah
840. "The bad things in life open your eyes to the good things you weren't paying attention to before." 
Good Will Hunting
Submitted by Duey
841. "Love is a fire that reigns in the heart." 
Submitted by Maurice
842. "When the day of ressurection comes only my heart will keep on pounding, repeating relentlessely your name, my sweetest angel....my one and only love!" 
Submitted by Abdallah
843. "Love is like a river, never ending as it flows, but gets greater with time!" 
Submitted by Anonymous
844. "Hold my hand and I'll take you there, somehow, someday, somewhere..." 
West Side Story
Submitted by Leo Delfin Dy III
845. "Love knows not what time is." 
Submitted by Liz
846. "I would rather have one smell of her hair or one touch of her hand than an eternity without it." 
Submitted by Andrea Cain
847. "Sometimes someone says something really small and it fits right into this empty place in your heart." 
Submitted by Tracey Deerfield
848. "There comes a time in every life we find the heart we're looking for."
LeAnn Rimes
Submitted by Jennifer Jarrell
849. "Love is like swallowing hot chocolate before it has cooled off. It takes you by surprise at first, but keeps you warm for a long time."
Submitted by Krystal Esplin
850. "The sound of a kiss is much softer than that of a canon - but it's echo lasts a great deal longer."
Submitted by Anonymous
851. "Death can not stop true love, it can only delay it for a little while."
The Princess Bride
Submitted by Anonymous
852. "If it's wrong to love you,then my heart just wont let me be right."
Submitted by Anonymous
853. "Love is a journey not a destination."
submitted by Selena Thomas
854. "Love is a precious gift that you receive, and you need to give it with caution!"
submitted by Anonymous
855. "Love is happiness given back and forth."
submitted by Anonymous
856. "Love is the only game never postponed due to darkness."
submitted by Anonymous
857. "The ultimate test of a relationship is to disagree, but still hold hands."
submitted by Anonymous
858. "Love is when two people, with their eyes closed can see heaven."
submitted by Anonymous
859. "When love comes so strong there is no right or wrong. Your love is your love"
West Side Story 
submitted by Jonetta
860. "Never question if you are in love or not....because if you were...you wouldn't need to ask."
Submitted by Jonetta
861. "It is only with the heart that one can see rightly. What is essential is invisible to the eye."
Antoine de Sant-Exupéry (The Little Prince)
Graeme Griffiths
862. "What's meant to be will always find a way."
Trisha Yearwood
Submitted by Andrea
863. "Dedicate your life to God, though choose carefully who you dedicate your love to."
Submitted by Andrea
864. "Money and power only last the hour, but friendship and love withstand the sky above."
Submitted by Sara J. Harms
865. "People need love the most when they deserve it the least."
Submitted by Anonymous
866. "Two souls meet and discover they were not meant to be -- hence, they part. Yet unconditional love is found when the two spirits meet again, and now become friends."
Submitted by Cara
867. "Without Love there are no dreams"
Submitted by A.W.
868. "Love is in your heart not to stay, but to be shared."
Submitted by Mr. Sri
869. "...And in the sound of a falling star is joy and sadness uniting love..."
Submitted by Liza Ditzel
870. "The great tragedy of life is not that men perish, but that they cease to love."
W. Somerset Maugham
Submitted by Cathy
871. "Love looks not with the eyes, but with the heart and soul!"
Submitted by Kim
872. "When you love a woman, you see your world inside her eyes."
Submitted by Anonymous
873. "In her love, I am the hero, the king,the poet, and alive without her love, I am nothing at all, not even truly alive."
Submitted by Charles D.
874. "You attract people by the qualities you display. You keep them by the qualities you possess."
Submitted by Molly R.
875. "To let them laugh without you when laughter brought them to you is the hardest part of losing them...but it shows the strongest part of you, your heart."
Submitted by Anonymous
876. "For remember, my sentimental friend, a heart is not judged by how much you love, but by how much you are loved by others."
The Wizard Of Oz
Submitted by Deb
877. "Even though were far apart I love you dearly with all my heart."
Submitted by Betsy
878. "It takes a second to say I love you but a lifetime to show it."
Submitted by Anonymous
879. "Love is like salted water... the more you drink the more your thirst increases."
Submitted by Reem Qweider
880. "Some girls are worth fighting for, but some are worth dying for."
Submitted by Middream
881. "What's a relationship without a little risk and faith?"
Submitted by Middream
882. "Love means making the other happy, even from a distance."
Submitted by Middream
883. "Love is like the air we breathe. It may not always be seen, but it is always felt and used and needed."
Submitted by John
884. "A relationship is a two way street. It's never all your fault or the other person's. You go into the relationship together and work through it all together."
Submitted by Jaclyn
885. "Some day, after we have mastered the winds and the waves, the tides and gravity, we will harness the energies of love. And, for the second time in the history of the world, man will have discovered fire."
Submitted by Anonymous
886. "To the world we may just be someone, but to someone we may just be the world."
Submitted by Anonymous
887. "Love is not a feeling it's a sensation."
Submitted by Faye Biltcliffe
888. "My heart is an open door waiting for you to enter."
Submitted by Cara
889. "When you love someone, you pick up the little things and magically turn them into something special."
Submitted by Cole
890. "Love may exist for years and then one day it hits home!"
Submitted by Skibunny
891. "When you have nothing left but love, then for the first time you become aware that love is enough."
Submitted by Anonymous
892. "Love is not love if it is conditional."
Submitted by Mr. Sri
893. "Some say love is life, but love without hope and faith is an agonizing death."
Submitted by Samantha
894. "Respect is what we owe, love is what we give."
Submitted by Samantha
895. "You fail to see the one who loves you standing right in front as does she fail to see you love her in turn. Don't wait to tell her because it might be to late then."
Submitted by Anonymous
896. "The one who breaks your heart is a devil of his love, but the victim is the angel and the light that shines above."
Submitted by Lyndi
897. "Love is a box waiting to be opened by the right recipient."
Submitted by Tyler McVay
898. "All that I am, all that I see, all that I dream and I do are brighter and more beautiful and meaningful because of my feelings for you."
Submitted by Lucy
899. "Long ago and far away I found love. Now, years later, that love found me!"
Submitted by Rose
900. "It is better to go for someone who loves you rather than someone who you love."
Submitted by Mrs.Omar Farooq
901. "Know that what you fear is what you find. And what I feared the most is what I found yesterday (the day we broke up)."
Submitted by Anonymous
902. "If there were no words, no way to speak, I would still hear you. If there were no tears no way to feel inside, I'd still feel for you"
Martina Mcbride
Submitted by Alli
903. "For me, you are the queen, the rest is just the rest."
Submitted by Victor M. Garcia Jr.
904. "Love is when you find yourself spending every wish on him"
Submitted by Anonymous
905. "Sometimes you have to love someone enough to let them go."
Submitted by Karen
906. "No sooner met but they looked, no sooner looked than they loved than they sighed, no sooner sighed but they asked one another the reason, no sooner knew the reason but they sought the remedy"
William Shakespeare
Submitted by Tifanny
907. "Love can make you do things that you never thought possible!"
Phil Collins
Submitted by Erica Romsos
908. "The rose that you gave me has faded, and wilted away. But the love tucked in deep inside remains in my heart forever."
Submitted by Anonymous
909. "Tell him, tell him that the sun and moon rise in his eyes, reach out to him. And whisper tender words so soft and sweet, hold him close to feel his heart beat. Love will be the gift you give yourself."
Celine Dion
Submitted by Jennie
910. "I would give up anything just to be with you."
Submitted by Anonymous
911. "Once in awhile right in the middle of an ordinary life love gives us a fairy tale."
Submitted by Christine
912. "The best way to love is to love like you have never been hurt."
Submitted by Pire
913. "Love is the salutation of the angel to the stars."
Victor Hugo
Submitted by Maryeah
914. "I was reborn when you first kissed me. Part of me died when you left me. But now I still live, waiting for the day you return to me."
Submitted by Ron
915. "Love is not to be purchased....and affection has no price."
St. Jerome
Submitted by Suzana Sarginin
916. "Love is my religion!"
Submitted by thutnee
917. "Love comes from the heart and can't be denied."
Submitted by NaTaLiE
918. "Love is like a flower... give it some time, patience and lots of TLC and watch it bloom into something wonderful before your eyes."
Submitted by erin
919. "Oh, love is real enough; you will find it someday, but it has one archenemy--and that is life."
Jean Anouilh
920. "To live is like to love-all reason is against it, and all healthy instinct for it."
Samuel Butler
921. "You know it's love when it you "grew into" it instead of "fell in" it!"
Submitted by Anonymous
922. "If he is the first thing you think of when you wake up, the only thing you think of when you're awake, and the last thing you think of before you go to bed, then he is really somebody special."
Submitted by Anonymous
923. "Amid the gloom and travail of existence suddenly to behold a beautiful being... and as instantaneously to feel an overwhelming conviction, that with that fair form, our destinies must be entwined... this is love."
Submitted by kristen jones
924. "Anything is possible, when it comes to love."
Source Unknown
Submitted by FvrRose
925."What is more important to you the love you share, the memories you have or the lover? Give love a chance to swallow you up. Don't just think it will happen in a instant, it will suprise you before you know it but it will be the most rewarding experience you will ever have."
Submitted by Lance
926. "I loved him like no other man... I did not love his laugh. I did not love his smile. I did not need his touch. But the one thing I needed from him was for him to always be there."
Submitted by Anonymous
927. "Parting of loving someone is learning to let go."
Submitted by Anonymous
928. "Go ahead and say it-I love you- you can say it a thousand times. But true love doesn't need to be told."
Submitted by Anonymous
929. "Every moment with out you, is a moment of time lost."
Submitted by ~AC~
930. "Marriage may be made in heaven, but the maintenance must be done on earth."
Submitted by Anonymous
931. "If I was blind, you would make me see. If I was deaf, you would make me hear, and if I was dumb, a word would come out of the boundaries of my lips."
Submitted by Anonymous
932. "Love is afraid of losing you!"
Submitted by RAJSEKHAR NAG
933. "Love is like war: easy to begin but hard to stop."
Submitted by Anonymous
934. "Love is knowing you are the bud from which his happiness blossoms."
Submitted by Kristyn
935. "If you once said "I will love you more than anyone till the day I die", and that person leaves you; how will you say "I love you more than anyone" again or should you say that?"
Submitted by Dikkin Patel
936. "Love for a loss can make you die, but love for a life will grant you immortality."
Submitted by The Loner
937. "Love is like the weather... Sometimes it forces you to withdraw even when you don't want to stay inside, while other times it is the best of times and you keep yourself inside."
Submitted by Andrea
938. "I'd walk half way around the world... for just one kiss from you..."
Backstreet Boys
Submitted by ALLI (JyM)
939. "Your love as far as I can see is all I'm ever gonna need."
Backstreet Boys
Submitted by ALLI (JyM)
940. "To love someone is to give a friend a chance to get in your heart."
Submitted by Red
941. "Though miles may lie between us, we're never far apart, for friendship doesn't count the miles, it's measured by the heart." 
Submitted by Rozina Hasham
942. "A failing love is like desperately hanging on to something precious, not wanting to give up but your hands feel the pain. And when you finally let go, you're free from any pain but your hands are empty." 
Submitted by Anonymous
943. "Some say it is a sin to love, I never did ask why, But if I sin in loving you, I'll sin until I die!" 
Author Unknown
Submitted by Chicago Lei
944. "Love...An emotion So strong that you would give up everything...To just feel it once...To know that you are part of something special...To know that you can feel what Love really is...To know...To feel...To love." 
Submitted by Michael Mooe
945. "In your absence my heart grows stronger. In your presence I fall in love again." 
Submitted by Hayley
946. "Love is like a rose, the special one grows in the winter." 
Submitted by Kelly Marie
947. "If I love you this much, and I'm not the one for you, then the one for you will be everything I am..and everything I'm not." 
Submitted by KB
948. "No matter how ugly you think you are, that special someone that loves you believes you are the most beautiful and irrisistable thing on earth and nothing can ever change that." 
Submitted by Anonymous
949. "Love and electricity are one in the same, my dear.... if you do not feel the jolt in your soul every time a kiss is shared, a whisper is spoken, a touch is felt, then your not really in love at all...." 
C. J. Franks
Submitted by Jessica
950. "Love needs no map, for it can find it's way blind-folded."
Submitted by Jay
951. "Your first love is not always your truest love."
Submitted by Sara
952. "Love is the pasion that we feel inside of our hearts that we can't hide. We pretend to hide it but it burns us more and more until the pain grows and grows and it never ends."
Submitted by Juan
953. "Let love rule thy heart, logic rule thy mind and faith rule your soul."
Submitted by White Knight
954. "You need trust to love, but first you need to love in order to trust."
Submitted by Sabino Soto
955. "To love someone is to understand each other, to laugh together, to smile with your heart and to trust one another. One important thing is to let each other go if you can't do this."
Submitted by Rafflyn
956. "God's gift to me is you and you are the air that I breathe."
Submitted by Anonymous
957. "Love is looking at him and knowing that even if you can't be with him, you feel happy because he is happy with someone else."
Submitted by Siti Rafeah
958. "My favorite place to be is inside of your hugs where its warm and loving."
Submitted by Haslinda Haniff
959. "To love someone is nothing. To be loved by someone is something. To love and be loved by someone is everything."
Submitted by Haslinda Haniff
960. "I could never hurt you. If I did, I'd be hurting myself too because when you have a love like ours, our hearts feel the same."
Author Unknown
Submitted by Mary
961. "When speaking of lost love, time may heal all wounds but there will always be scars."
Submitted by Andrea Stinedurf
962. "You know it's love when he tells you that you look gorgeous first thing in the morning after a hard night out!"
Submitted by Lazydaisy
963. "If you have the courage to love, you have the courage to suffer."
Author Unknown
Submitted by Jeanne
964. "Only God's creations can compare to the beauty that I see in you! My love for you is infinite... without limits."
Submitted by Jeanne
965. "We have been through the fire, it almost tore us apart; What we have is stronger than steel, a bond of the heart.."
Submitted by Les Harris
966. "If love is music in its purest form, then you are the notes on the page and the melody in my heart."
Submitted by Les Harris
967. "Breaking up is not a stupid thing, instead it make you a better person and realize your mistakes."
Submitted by KatieZ
968. "God grant me the serenity to accept the things I can not change, the strength to change the things I can and the wisdom to know the difference."
Submitted by cherman
969. "To love someone is to learn the song that is in that persons heart, and to sing it to them when they have forgotten."
Submitted by Anonymous
970. "If you have to say you love me..it's because I need to know..if you want to say you love me..it's because you want me to know..but saying that you love me is simply because you do...I love you too!"
Submitted by Deborah
971. "Love is the only thing that can be divided endlessly and never diminish."
Author Unknown
Submitted by Katie
972. "Every man loves two women; one is the creation of his imagination, and the other is not yet born."
Gibran Khalil Gibran
Submitted by Abdallah
973. "Men who do not forgive women their little faults will never enjoy their great virtues."
Gibran Khalil Gibran
Submitted by Mohamed
974. "When you were born, you were crying and everyone around you was smiling... Live your life so that when you die, you're smiling and everyone around you is crying."
Submitted by Anonymous
975. "The first sigh of love is the last of wisdom."
Antoine Bret
Submitted by Pip Pepperpot
976. "Love is something silent, but it can be louder than anything when it talks."
Submitted by Justin
977. "A Relationship is like a train. If one passes, then the next one will come - I'm sure - and if you get off the train, you'll realize that everything is the same."
Submitted by Rafflyn Galvan
978. "Love starts with a smile, goes on with a kiss, and ends with tears."
Submitted by Rafflyn Galvan
979. "Love is strong, but once it's broken it can never be fixed."
Submitted by Rafflyn Galvan
980. "Love is when the things you detest, you become in love with. And when your views are wrong the one who you love will hear you out and understand you."
Submitted by Anonymous
981. "Let no one be satisfied with simple physical pleasure cause it doesn't approach fleeting bliss if one's soul still shrieks for it's mate and the love it is due."
Submitted by Kris
982. "You hold my soul's serenity in the palm of your hand, so treat it with care and gentleness."
Submitted by Wisdom Odysseos
983. "The love is like the wind in my hands. So easy to feel but so hard to catch."
Submitted by Angelica Nilsson
984. "Love me for a second, and I will make that second last a lifetime!"
Submitted by Adeel
985. "You made my life easier with the softness of your eyes."
Submitted by Wisdom Odysseos
986. "Love is like a golden chain that link our hearts together and if you ever break that chain, you'll break my heart forever..."
Submitted by Halima
987. "A true friend walks in when the whole world walks out."
Submitted by Rick Aguas
988. "Who shall say that the maiden so pretty and fair shall always have the greater man and the ogre who walks to the beat of thundering clouds will never find her prince?"
Submitted by Alex Beck
989. "Will I wait a lonely lifetime? If you want me to, I will."
The Beatles
Submitted by Flower
990. "The best dreams happen when you're awake."
Submitted by Flower
991. "And if your feeling scared remember the times we had. You know it meant everything to me."
Blink182
Submitted by Flower
992. "A ring is round, it turns forever and that's how long we'll be together!"
Submitted by Chicago Lei
993. "Doubt thou the stars are fire, doubt that the sun doth move, doubt truth to be a liar but never doubt that I love."
W. Shakesphere
Submitted by Chicago Lei
994. "I Love you with the breath, the smiles and the tears of all my life."
Submitted by Wisdom Odysseos
995. "I would give up everything for one moment with you, for one moment is better than a life time of never knowing you."
Submitted by Jennie
996. "You know you truly love someone when everyday you meet is like the first time you fall in love."
Submitted by Siti Rafeah
997. "Saying I love you is important, but not enough. Remember... Love is a VERB, an action word. Sometimes passive because it happens to us but also active, because we CHOOSE to do it."
Submitted by Carol Ann
998. "When I look in your eyes I see the love we have for each other."
Submitted by Lisa Nehls
999. "Never let anyone tell you what is in your heart! It is what you are feeling, not them."
Submitted by Amanda Volino
1000. "Always follow your heart. It knows the best and it will lead you in the right direction."
Submitted by Amanda Volino
1001. "Love is just a feeling until it is shared with someone who loves you. Then it is your life."
Submitted by Anonymous
1002. "Is it fair to expect a child to recognize their true love when they come face to face with them? That would be wisdom indeed."
Submitted by Erika
1003. "Letting go has never been easy but holding on can be as difficult, for strength is measured not by holding on but by letting go."
Author Unknown
Submitted by Lucy
1004. "She's a lovely person, she deserves a good husband. Marry her before she finds one."
Author unknown
Submitted by Emilee Suante
1005. "A special friend is a blessing that you should treasure with all your heart..."
Submitted by Lucy
1006. "When it rains, look for the rainbow."
Submitted by Charissa
1007. "To see unconditional love look to the eyes of a child."
Submitted by White Knight
1008. "Self sacrifice is the greatest expression of love."
Submitted by White Knight
1009. "If the eye is a window to the soul then the heart is the doorway to love."
Submitted by White Knight
1010. "Honesty may not win friends but it can touch hearts."
Submitted by White Knight
1011. "Though miles may lie between us, we're never far apart, for friendship doesn't count the miles, it's measured by the heart." 
Submitted by Rozina Hasham
1012. "A failing love is like desperately hanging on to something precious, not wanting to give up but your hands feel the pain. And when you finally let go, you're free from any pain but your hands are empty." 
Submitted by Anonymous
1013. "Some say it is a sin to love, I never did ask why, But if I sin in loving you, I'll sin until I die!" 
Author Unknown
Submitted by Chicago Lei
1014. "Love... An emotion So strong that you would give up everything... To just feel it once... To know that you are part of something special... To know that you can feel what Love really is... To know... To feel... To love." 
Submitted by Michael Mooe
1015. "In your absence my heart grows stronger. In your presence I fall in love again." 
Submitted by Hayley
1016. "Love is like a rose, the special one grows in the winter." 
Submitted by Kelly Marie
1017. "If I love you this much, and I'm not the one for you, then the one for you will be everything I am..and everything I'm not." 
Submitted by KB
1018. "No matter how ugly you think you are, that special someone that loves you believes you are the most beautiful and irrisistable thing on earth and nothing can ever change that." 
Submitted by Anonymous
1019. "Love and electricity are one in the same, my dear.... if you do not feel the jolt in your soul every time a kiss is shared, a whisper is spoken, a touch is felt, then your not really in love at all...." 
C. J. Franks
Submitted by Jessica
1020. "Though miles may lie between us, we're never far apart, for friendship doesn't count the miles, it's measured by the heart." 
Submitted by Rozina Hasham
1021. "A failing love is like desperately hanging on to something precious, not wanting to give up but your hands feel the pain. And when you finally let go, you're free from any pain but your hands are empty." 
Submitted by Anonymous
1022. "Some say it is a sin to love, I never did ask why, But if I sin in loving you, I'll sin until I die!" 
Author Unknown
Submitted by Chicago Lei
1023. "Love...An emotion So strong that you would give up everything...To just feel it once...To know that you are part of something special...To know that you can feel what Love really is...To know...To feel...To love." 
Submitted by Michael Mooe
1024. "In your absence my heart grows stronger. In your presence I fall in love again." 
Submitted by Hayley
1025. "Love is like a rose, the special one grows in the winter." 
Submitted by Kelly Marie
1026. "If I love you this much, and I'm not the one for you, then the one for you will be everything I am..and everything I'm not." 
Submitted by KB
1027. "No matter how ugly you think you are, that special someone that loves you believes you are the most beautiful and irrisistable thing on earth and nothing can ever change that." 
Submitted by Anonymous
1028. "Love and electricity are one in the same, my dear.... if you do not feel the jolt in your soul every time a kiss is shared, a whisper is spoken, a touch is felt, then your not really in love at all...." 
C. J. Franks
Submitted by Jessica
1029. "If you love someone, you should just say it out loud right when you feel it, or the moment will pass you by."
My Best Friends Wedding
Submitted by Jeanne
1030. "You and her that's what you want. You and me...that's what I dream."
Submitted by Maira
1031. "Love is like a rhino, it is short sighted and hasty; if it cannot find a way, it will make a way."
Submitted by Julius Dang
1032. "Don't love someone because of his outstanding physical looks, you love him for his outstanding heart!"
Submitted by Mishuki
1033. "He cares for you because he loves you, and you love him for being so caring to you!"
Submitted by Mishuki
1034. "Hate is the only love that has missed it's way."
Submitted by Mishuki
1035. "I'll surrender my world to you if that is the only way I could become a part of yours."
Submitted by Delafrance Mirtyle
1036. "PASSION OR COINCIDENCE ONCE PROMPTED YOU TO SAY PRIDE WILL TEAR US BOTH APART. WELL NOW PRIDE'S GONE OUT THE WINDOWS, CROSS THE ROOF TOPS, RUN AWAY - LEFT ME IN THE VACUUM OF MY HEART."
Duran Duran
Submitted by Jennifer Rocha
1037. "With you my love, I want to start a dream that never ends."
Submitted by Jennifer Rocha
1038. "Do I love you? My God, if your love were a grain of sand, mine would be a universe of beaches."
S. Morgenstern-author of the book, The Princess Bride
Submitted by Al
1039. "Love is spawned from caring and sharing, not just a few words."
Submitted by Daryl You
1040. "I know when I leave, the distance will keep us apart. But distance, no matter how far, can't change these feelings in my heart."
Submitted by Matt
1041. "Definintion of forgiveness: The perfume a flower leaves on the shoe that crushed it."
Author Unknown
Submitted by Jack Clark
1042. "Certain chance occurences have caused our paths to meet. Destiny has joined our hearts and made our lives complete."
Chris B,
Submitted by Sonia Delong
1043. "For a while I thought I would never love or hate anyone but I have come to realize I have loved and hated the same person."
Submitted by Sonia Delong
1044. "A legal kiss is never as good as a stolen one."
Guy de Maupassant
Submitted by Katie Simms
1045. "And I can't live, with or without you..."
U2
Submitted by Alie
1046. "Some women blush when they are kissed, some call for the police, some swear, some bite. But the worst are those who laugh."
William Raye
Submitted by Katie Simms
1047. "I believe the personality and the soul is what makes a person beautiful, it does not always have to be the physical appearance."
Submitted by Faith
1048. "Love doesn't make the world go around, love is what makes the ride worthwhile."
Author Unknown
Submitted by Leo
1049. "Love can help us, love can break us, love can do things never done before. Love is a feeling we find appealing, love is the thing that makes us soar."
Submitted by Michael Roberts
1050. "The joy of loving always heals the hurt of Loving..."
Submitted by D.E. Smith
1051. "Few men know how to kiss well. Fortunately, I've always had time to teach them."
Mae West
Submitted by Katie Simms
1052. "Time does not heal, but healing takes time."
Submitted by D.E. Smith
1053. "Love is like a box of chocolates. You don't know how good it is till they are all gone."
Submitted by Mike
1054. "Happiness is as a butterfly which, when pursued is always beyond our grasp but which, if you sit down quietly, may alight upon you."
Nathaniel Hawthorne
Submitted by Matt Wentworth
1055. "Learn from nature the gift of love." 
Submitted by Anonymous
1056. "Follow your own heart, not other's." 
Submitted by Matt Wentworth
1057. "Tis far better to give your all and smother than to withhold in hopes of a longer relationship." 
Submitted by Matt Wentworth
1058. "No one has ever loved anyone the way everyone wants to be loved." 
Submitted by Adeel
1059. "You can give without loving, but you cannot love without giving." 
Submitted by Adeel
1060. "One word frees us of all the weight and pain in life. That word is love." 
Submitted by Adeel
1061. "To love is to place our happiness in the happiness of another." 
Submitted by Adeel
1062. "In the arithmetic of love, one plus one equals everything, and two minus one equals nothing." 
Submitted by Adeel
1063. "I cannot show you I love you. Time will show you I love you."
Submitted by Adeel
1064. "The essential saddness is to go through life without loving. But it would be almost equally sad to leave this world without ever telling those you loved that you love them."
Submitted by Adeel
1065. "Love is a gift to treasure not a game to play."
Submitted by Justin Scharber
1066. "Love is like a violin. The music may stop now and then, but the strings remain forever."
June Masters Bacher
Submitted by Anonymous
1067. "Love is running into your one true love after 20 years and it feels like only yesterday you were in his arms."
Submitted by Anonymous
1068. "If you meet someone in whose presence you feel a desire to achieve, such person is worthy of your love, and is awakening love in your heart."
Author Unknown
Submitted by Anonymous
1069. "Would you rather marry a friend or a lover? I'd marry my soulmate."
How To Make An American Quilt 
Submitted by Ruby
1070. "You know you're in love when at those times you're apart, you find yourself gazing at the sky in the direction she lives and feeling some peace in knowing that you live under the same sky."
Submitted by M'Ceist
1071. "You know you love someone when you cannot put into words how they make you feel."
Submitted by April
1072. "Love is when you sink and grow breathless but never seem to drown."
Submitted by Fareena
1073. "When I saw myself climbing the stairs to where heavan starts and saw you waiting..I knew just how much I loved you."
Submitted by Fareena
1074. "The stars shine brightest only in your eyes."
Submitted by Anonymous
1075. "I will love you all my life and when I die I will still love you through eternity and beyond."
Submitted by Leann
1076. "If two souls were meant to be then God would never let that love perish. Even if they separate the love between them will unite them once more."
Submitted by Jonetta
1077. "Love comes naturaly, in unexpected ways, without any permission."
Submitted by Anna
1078. "Love is what we make it, for this I have known. Love lies where we take it, no-one's ever alone."
Submitted by Marcel DeBie
1079. "You may not have heard me speak to you that I love you, but the way that I look into your eyes, the way I smile when you pass by, and the way that my heart feels when you are near... all speaks of what best describes the love that I feel."
Submitted by Byby
1080. "A distant cry is love lost, but the sound of laughter is one that'll last forever, whatever that may be."
Submitted by Casper
1081. "Be true to love, and love will be true to you."
Submitted by Anonymous
1082. "Loving someone is like caring for a garden, love it too much or too little and it dies, but love it just right and it will live forever."
Submitted by Anonymous
1083. "Losing you is like losing my heart."
Submitted by T. J. Gafford
1084. "Thy love is like a sweet, gentle breeze caressing the very essence of my soul."
Submitted by Sven R.
1085. "Life is a mystery to be lived, not a problem to be solved."
Submitted by Shoshana Leah
1086. "I love the sun for days, the moon for nights and you forever."
Submitted by Robert
1087. "I did three things today...miss you, miss you, and miss you."
Submitted by Anonymous
1088. "My heart is like a cabbage divided into two. I gave the leaves to others and my heart to you."
Submitted by Anonymous
1089. "If you love someone you have to look before you leap."
Submitted by R.Lewis
1090. "You can only judge love if you have been in it yourself."
Submitted by Nicole
1091. "The only condition to love is to love unconditionally."
Submitted by Anonymous
1092. "Love sees with the heart and not with mind."
Shakespeare
Submitted by Maryann
1093. "If the world ended today, would you be at peace with the amount of love you shared?"
Submitted by Maryann
1094. "Take a look at what you have. Think of all you did to get it. Remember it only takes one second to lose."
Submitted by Lyndi
1095. "If you enjoy your life to its fullest, love will come and keep you company."
Submitted by Kalonarose
1096. "Love is the master key of happiness... Procrastination the thief of time... Whenever will we learn?"
Author Unknown
Submitted by Joe Arriaga
1097. "Time will prove my love to you and cement my place in your heart forever. For time will give me the credibility and the believability that I need to convince you to want to spend the rest of your life with me. That I am worthy of such a commitment from you."
Submitted by Joe Arriaga
1098. "Fate brought you back to me, this time I won't let you leave. I'm gonna love you till the end."
Submitted by Jockey Chin
1099. "We attract love by the emotions we display; we retain love by the emotions we possess."
Submitted by Anonymous
1100. "My heart is hollow... when I'm not with you."
Submitted by Janet the QTS Bee
1101. "Loving you was easy, losing you was hard. Loving you is still easy, but knowing you are no longer mine, is the hardest of it all."
Submitted by Anonymous
1102. "What would it be like to swing on a star, or walk on a cloud? Would it be anything like what I feel whenever you are near?"
Submitted by Erin Kelly
1103. "For yesterday's memories, today's love, and tomorrow's dreams I love you."
Submitted by Elli Caton
1104. "You know you're really in love, when you have love for that person and only that person. You want to be with them in every waking moment, and you'll stay with them through thick and thin."
Submitted by Dustin
1105. "Love is grand, cherish her."
Submitted by Dave
1106. "I love you not because it is right, but because I love you."
Submitted by Conrad Chan
1107. "Love is like a blinding sun ray in the sky you cant see past it till its to late."
Submitted by Cathy
1108. "Where there is love, there is no fear."
Submitted by Brittany Hess
1109. "Loving you is the hardest thing I've encountered, but I'm happy to be loved by you."
Submitted by Anngen
1110. "Once you find someone you really love try your hardest not to lose them because you will never get over the feeling of loneliness."
Submitted by Amanda Brothers
1111. "I don't need anyone to take advantage of my weaknesses or my strengths, I need someone who will appreciate me for everything that I am."
Submitted by Alexis
1112. "Love is not measured by how you feel, but how you make the other person feel."
Submitted by Raul Garza
1113. "Love is like an ocean, beautiful and never-ending... with hazardous undertows."
Submitted by Cora
1114. "Never turn your head from love and later wonder why you have such a stiff neck. :-)"
Submitted by Marcie Reyes
1115. "Loving you is what I've learned so easily. Trying to forget you is the last thing I could possibly learn because I'm deeply in love with you."
Submitted by Milann
1116. "Love teaches us how to laugh, cry, be happy and sad... all at the same time."
Submitted by Yasha
1117. "I have found the paradox that if I love until it hurts, then there is no more hurt, only more love."
Mother Teresa
Submitted by Holly
1118. "Love is purely a creation of the human imagination... the most important example of how the imagination continually outruns the creature it inhabits."
Katherine Anne Porter (Novelist)
Submitted by Bamse
1119. "Love is what your mind can't think of and your heart makes routine."
Submitted by Sabino Soto
1120. "I never believed in love at first sight...until you!"
Submitted by Elli
1121. "One must learn to love oneself before one can learn to love others."
Submitted by Kris
1122. "The love we have is God's gift to us, what we do with it is our gift to God."
Submitted by Anonymous
1123. "When in love, sometimes it's worse to win a fight than to lose."
Billie Holiday
Submitted by Jaymi Starr
1124. "In my world, I walked to a different drum. You came along and joined me in my journey. I am now in harmony and at peace in the world of love."
Submitted by Ruth Ruska
1125. "I have never loved...till I first met you."
Submitted by Stevie
1126. "Love is like everything else in this world, you have to fight for it."
Submitted by Anonymous
1127. "I'm old enough to know better, but too young too care."
Author Unknown
Submitted by Andrea Lynn
1128. "Make it perfect. . . you never know when the last time will be."
Author Unknown
Submitted by Andrea Lynn
1129. "A lost love is never lost unless what's lost is the love for your lover."
Submitted by Courtney
1130. "Once you love, you cannot take it back, cannot undo it. What you felt may have changed, shifted slightly, yet still remains love."
Whitney Otto
Submitted by Casey
1131. "Loving someone is like caring for a garden, love it too much or too little and it dies, but love it just right and it will live forever."
Submitted by Anonymous
1132. "Losing you is like losing my heart."
Submitted by T. J. Gafford
1133. "Thy love is like a sweet, gentle breeze caressing the very essence of my soul."
Submitted by Sven R.
1134. "Life is a mystery to be lived, not a problem to be solved."
Submitted by Shoshana Leah
1135. "I love the sun for days, the moon for nights and you forever."
Submitted by Robert
1136. "I did three things today...miss you, miss you, and miss you."
Submitted by Anonymous
1137. "My heart is like a cabbage divided into two. I gave the leaves to others and my heart to you."
Submitted by Anonymous
1138. "If you love someone you have to look before you leap."
Submitted by R.Lewis
1139. "You can only judge love if you have been in it yourself."
Submitted by Nicole
1140. "The only condition to love is to love unconditionally."
Submitted by Anonymous
1141. "Love sees with the heart and not with mind."
Shakespeare
Submitted by Maryann
1142. "If the world ended today, would you be at peace with the amount of love you shared?"
Submitted by Maryann
1143. "Take a look at what you have. Think of all you did to get it. Remember it only takes one second to lose."
Submitted by Lyndi
1144. "If you enjoy your life to its fullest, love will come and keep you company."
Submitted by Kalonarose
1145. "Love is the master key of happiness... Procrastination the thief of time... Whenever will we learn?"
Author Unknown
Submitted by Joe Arriaga
1146. "Time will prove my love to you and cement my place in your heart forever. For time will give me the credibility and the believability that I need to convince you to want to spend the rest of your life with me. That I am worthy of such a commitment from you."
Submitted by Joe Arriaga
1147. "Fate brought you back to me, this time I won't let you leave. I'm gonna love you till the end."
Submitted by Jockey Chin
1148. "We attract love by the emotions we display; we retain love by the emotions we possess."
Submitted by Anonymous
1149. "My heart is hollow ...... when I'm not with you."
Submitted by Janet the QTS Bee
1150. "Loving you was easy, losing you was hard. Loving you is still easy, but knowing you are no longer mine, is the hardest of it all."
Submitted by Anonymous
1151. "What would it be like to swing on a star, or walk on a cloud? Would it be anything like what I feel whenever you are near?"
Submitted by Erin Kelly
1152. "For yesterday's memories, today's love, and tomorrow's dreams I love you."
Submitted by Elli Caton
1153. "You know you're really in love, when you have love for that person and only that person. You want to be with them in every waking moment, and you'll stay with them through thick and thin."
Submitted by Dustin
1154. "Love is grand, cherish her."
Submitted by Dave
1155. "I love you not because it is right, but because I love you."
Submitted by Conrad Chan
1156. "Love is like a blinding sun ray in the sky you cant see past it till its to late."
Submitted by Cathy
1157. "Where there is love, there is no fear."
Submitted by Brittany Hess
1158. "Loving you is the hardest thing I've encountered, but I'm happy to be loved by you."
Submitted by Anngen
1159. "Once you find someone you really love try your hardest not to lose them because you will never get over the feeling of loneliness."
Submitted by Amanda Brothers
1160. "I don't need anyone to take advantage of my weaknesses or my strengths, I need someone who will appreciate me for everything that I am."
Submitted by Alexis
1161. "Love is not measured by how you feel, but how you make the other person feel."
Submitted by Raul Garza
1162. "Love is like an ocean, beautiful and never-ending... with hazardous undertows."
Submitted by Cora
1163. "Never turn your head from love and later wonder why you have such a stiff neck. :-)"
Submitted by Marcie Reyes
1164. "Loving you is what I've learned so easily. Trying to forget you is the last thing I could possibly learn because I'm deeply in love with you."
Submitted by Milann
1165. "Love teaches us how to laugh, cry, be happy and sad... all at the same time."
Submitted by Yasha
1167. "I have found the paradox that if I love until it hurts, then there is no more hurt, only more love."
Mother Teresa
Submitted by Holly
1168. "Love is purely a creation of the human imagination... the most important example of how the imagination continually outruns the creature it inhabits."
Katherine Anne Porter (Novelist)
Submitted by Bamse
1169. "Love is what your mind can't think of and your heart makes routine."
Submitted by Sabino Soto
1170. "I never believed in love at first sight...until you!"
Submitted by Elli
1171. "One must learn to love oneself before one can learn to love others."
Submitted by Kris
1172. "The love we have is God's gift to us, what we do with it is our gift to God."
Submitted by Anonymous
1173. "When in love, sometimes it's worse to win a fight than to lose."
Billie Holiday
Submitted by Jaymi Starr
1174. "In my world, I walked to a different drum. You came along and joined me in my journey. I am now in harmony and at peace in the world of love."
Submitted by Ruth Ruska
1175. "I have never loved...till I first met you."
Submitted by Stevie
1176. "Love is like everything else in this world, you have to fight for it."
Submitted by Anonymous
1177. "I'm old enough to know better, but too young too care."
Author Unknown
Submitted by Andrea Lynn
1178. "Make it perfect. . . you never know when the last time will be."
Author Unknown
Submitted by Andrea Lynn
1179. "A lost love is never lost unless what's lost is the love for your lover."
Submitted by Courtney
1180. "Once you love, you cannot take it back, cannot undo it. What you felt may have changed, shifted slightly, yet still remains love."
Whitney Otto
Submitted by Casey
1181. "When a couple passes into the next world, they will become one angel. That is their fate, their destiny."
Whitney Otto
Submitted by Casey
1182. "Love is like the ozone layer - You never miss it until it's gone."
Submitted by Elvin
1183. "Love is like a wonderful feeling of compassion and satisfaction. It should be given respect and trust and it should receive that love back."
Submitted by Lyla
1184. "You are sanity in an insane world. You're reason where there isn't any reason. Reason to live."
Madeleine L'Engle
Submitted by Trent Chandler 
1185. "If your are meant to be together forever, you will survive any obstacle or trouble that comes to you."
Submitted by Virginia Dockerty
1186. "If you want the rainbow, you must first go through the rain."
Author Unknown
Submitted by Laura
1187. "To love another person is to see the face of God."
Les Miserebles
Submitted by Valentine
1188. "Our Friendship: A two way road to a perfect love."
Submitted by Jarod Brownson
1189. "Sometimes what you don't say speaks so much louder than anything you could possibly say."
Submitted by Cherilynn
1190. "Never stand back and let time waste you."
Submitted by Bobbi Jo
1191. "A kiss upon the hand of someone you truly love, is more beautiful, and more valuable than any diamond or gem could ever be."
Submitted by Karen Hanna
1192. "When you're in love, you don't need music to dance. The beating of your hearts is a beautiful melody in itself."
Submitted by Karen Hanna
1193. "Love is like the ocean - you can fall in and be swept away."
Submitted by Karen Hanna
1194. "If I don't say 'I love you' often it doesn't make it less true. I love you so much, words aren't enough to express it."
Submitted by Maggie West
1195. "Never value something more than you value love, else when you gain the former, you find it worthless without the latter."
Submitted by Brett
1196. "Think of all the things that you like or love as sand in your hands... the harder you hold onto it the quicker it goes away."
Submitted by Mandi Stolte
1197. "You don't have to love me back, I'm happy just loving you."
Submitted by Sarah
1198. "A diamond when given to your partner is as good as giving your heart to her forever."
Submitted by InstantKrash
1199. "Making a friend just takes a moment, but being a friend takes a lifetime."
Submitted by Michelle
1200. "Our love is the second most treasured thing in my life, you are the first."
Submitted by Ken Gervais
1201. "It is a feeling but it drives me to you again and again."
Submitted by Anonymous
1202. "To truly love someone is to not know what you would do with out them. To not care as long as they are with you. To cry if they hurt you. But most of all to know that if they died you would die to."
Submitted by Angel*
1203. "Love is feeling that is not measurable by the quantity of the years, it's measurable by the size of your heart and how much love you are willing to give."
Submitted by Crissi
1204. "Everybody says you can break a heart but that's not true, you can only hurt it."
Submitted by Jillian
1205. "You are but an angel and I a mere mortal. We are worlds apart. I must love you from a distance."
Submitted by Delafrance Mirtyle
1206. "You were that missing piece from my life, and now that I have you I am complete."
Submitted by Anonymous
1207. "Love makes the world seem brighter and more beautiful. Everything is touched with magic... and that magic is YOU!!"
Submitted by Syazana Fatkhi
1208. "Never felt this way before, never looked at a woman and thought if civilization fails, if the world ends I now know what God meant as long as I'm with her."
Jack Nicholson from the film Wolf
Submitted by Ellen Caton
1209. "I love you takes seconds to say but a life time to commit to."
Submitted by Geronimo
1210. "True love is when you love a person with no particular reason."
Submitted by Tracey
1211. "You love or you don't love. There's no such thing as you learn to love."
Submitted by Anonymous
1212. "True love is when you love a person more than you love yourself."
Submitted by Anonymous
1213. "If you could only see the way he loves me, maybe you would understand why I feel this way." 
Tonic
Submitted by Renee Gauvreau
1214. "Tell me why...the beautiful ones...they hurt you every time." 
Mariah Carey
Submitted by Renee Gauvreau
1215. "Now that I've found someone, I'm feeling more alone than I ever have before." 
Ben Folds Five
Submitted by Renee Gauvreau
1216. "When you get close, I want you to know I start to get weak and I can't let you go!" 
Back Street Boys
Submitted by Kaos Girl
1217. "Chaque fois que tu te sentiras seul, regarde les etoiles--whenever you feel alone look at the stars." 
Submitted by Cinn
1218. "I would walk through fire just to keep you safe and sound. I surrender. Take me for all time. Love that lasts forever." 
BeeGees
Submitted by Emily
1219. "You are the most precious gift to me." 
Submitted by Leann
1220. "Love is like a roller coaster it has it's ups and downs." 
Submitted by Anonymous
1221. "If a hug represented how much I loved you, I would hold you in my arms forever." 
Submitted by Jessica
1222. "Love would never be a promise of a rose garden unless it is showered with lights of faith, water of sincerity and air of passion." 
Submitted by Ida
1223. "How do I know I'm in love? Because I don't say 'you and me'...I say 'we'." 
Submitted by Karen
1224. "Love is not blind, it is seeing things more clearly than before." 
Submitted by Anonymous
1225. "My love fell unnoticed, like tears in the rain." 
Submitted by Suzanna Harris
1226. "The saddest thing in the world, is loving someone who used to love you." 
Author Unknown
Submitted by Anonymous
1227. "The trouble with love is, if you don't risk anything, you risk even more." 
Author Unknown
Submitted by Raffy Montemayor
1228. "Love is the silent song the heart sings." 
Submitted by Anonymous
1229. "When love is lost, do not bow your head in sadness and look down upon the ground. Instead, keep your head up high and gaze into the heavens, for that is where your broken heart has been sent to heal." 
Submitted by Lyndi
1230. "When I first saw you, I saw love. And the first time you touched me, I felt love. And after all this time, you're still the one I love..."
Shania Twain
1231. "What once was shattered, and undone. Now, behold, the two made one."
The Dark Crystal
Submitted by Kelly Marie
1232. "Love is the ultimate unstable compound, its decision to save or destroy an individual is based on infinitely small circumstance."
Submitted by Jonathan Wane
1233. "You are always there for me and so you give me the courage to stand alone."
Submitted by Elli Caton
1234. "When mates are distant from each other, their love remains very close in their hearts and minds."
Submitted by Dave Broderick
1235. "Love does not consist of looking at each other, but of looking in the same direction."
Author Unknown
Submitted by Christina
1236. "The best and most beautiful things in the world must be felt with the heart."
Hellen Keller
Submitted by Amanda Collins
1237. "If I was a flower in total darkness your love would be the little beam on light that keeps me alive."
Submitted by T.J. Gafford
1238. "Take away the trials, take away the pain, take away the sorrow, take away the pain, take away the emptiness, take away the sorrow and you will find true love."
Submitted by Jo Ann Luke
1239. "All that I love loses half it's pleasure if you are not there to share it."
Clara Ortega
Submitted by Ellen Caton
1240. "I love you for all that you are, and all that I am when I am with you. I love you because you have shown me in hundreds of beautiful ways what love is."
Author Unknown
Submitted by Anonymous
1241. "You are my first, last, and only dream at night."
Submitted by Shannon Boynes
1242. "Promise me you'll never forget me, because if I thought you would I'd never leave."
Winnie The Pooh
Submitted by Shannon Boynes
1243. "There is no cure for my lonely heart but your love."
Submitted by T.J. Gafford
1244. "Love is like the rolling tides of the sea, it comes, as easily as it goes."
Submitted by Rob
1245. "You're always there when I close my eyes."
Submitted by Shannon Boynes
1246. "I never favored the word 'goodbye', for it means never see you again. I like 'see you later' for it means I will see you again."
Submitted by Anonymous
1247. "Instead of shedding tears for being hurt, lend your tears to someone who can't feel anything."
Submitted by Ryanne
1248. "She gives him something no one else can, a reason to live."
Submitted by Shannon Boynes
1249. "It's hard to move on still loving what's gone. Yet life carries on..."
Submitted by Nikki
1250. "I may grow old, but my heart will never grow tired of loving you."
Submitted by Homer S.
1251. "IF YOU WANT TO LOVE, LOVE CAREFULLY BECAUSE ONE SIDED LOVE MEANS TOTAL LOSS!"
Submitted by Anonymous
1252. "To love is nothing. To be loved is something!"
Submitted by Latifa
1253. "I don't care if you hate me and hurt me. Because I know love will bring you back to heal me!"
Submitted by LATIFA
1254. "If laughing makes you live longer, you would make me live forever."
Submitted by Anonymous
1255. "Love is complicated, but worth it."
Submitted by Anonymous
1256. I knew it was hopeless when I found myself writing the following in my journal: "It seems that I've accepted and embraced all of his immutable faults. In fact, I think that's what I've come to love most about him."
Submitted by AT
1257. "To love and to be loved is to feel the sun from both the sides."
David Viscott
Submitted by Kitty Bhasin
1258. "Love, we search for it and it does not appear. It comes when we least expect it."
Submitted by Matei Perussi
1259. "If you love someone so much, you must show them everyday and in every way."
Submitted by Amber Leitner
1260. "If I breathe a little faster, it is because I am thinking of you with every breath I breathe and I only want reason to think of you more!"
Submitted by katieo'hara
1261. "To be loved by you feels like being loved by the most important person in my life, the Lord."
Submitted by Carol Carr
1262. "I would rather to never have felt love, than to feel so loved one minute and in the blink of an eye it all be gone, left with nothing more than this broken heart I have now."
Submitted by Anonymous
1263. "If you make a list of someone's faults, throw the list away. Because loving them means loving all of them."
Submitted by Shaunalai Sarabhaivanij
1264. "Love is a silent voice that only the heart can hear."
Submitted by Suguna
1265. "I may be able to speak the languages of human beings and even of angels, but if I have no love, my speech is no more than a noisy gong or a clanging bell. I may have the gift of inspired preaching; I may have all knowledge and understand all secrets; I may have the faith needed to move mountains-but if I have no love, I am nothing. I may give away everything I have, and even give up my body to be burned-but if I have no love, this does me no good."
1 Corinthians, 13:1-13
Submitted by Jenny Rodriguez
1266. "If only I could remain as wonderfully clear and strong, my sweet love, as before my heart was stolen."
Submitted by Jennifer Wilkinson
1267. "I would give up my life if I could command, one smile of your eyes and one touch of your hand."
Submitted by roye
1268. "I've been counting my blessings and you're one I can't live without."
Submitted by Brandy
1269. "If you love someone, tell them right there and then before the moment passes you by."
from "My Best Friend's Wedding"
Submitted by Mary Grace
1270. "If loving you is wrong, then I don't want to be right and if living without you is right then I want to be wrong for the rest of our lives."
Submitted by Megan Holifield
1271. "Dreams last for so long, even after you're gone."
Jewel
Submitted by Tinger
1272. "Love doesn't ask or question. It just happens."
Submitted by Amanda
1273. "To truly love you must put all of your heart and soul into it because if it doesn't hurt than it can't be love, but if you give until it hurts you will be rewarded in the end."
Submitted by Anonymous
1274. "Love is like water. It flows through us every day. Cool, smooth, soft and everlasting."
Submitted by Peter
1275. "Love cures people. Both the ones who give it and the ones who receive it."
Karl Menninger
Submitted by Anonymous
1276. "Love can be scary, but love can not be based on fear."
Submitted by Long Dinh
1277. "Love is something you need to treasure for as long as you have it."
Submitted by Amanda Hill
1278. "Love is when all you care about is that one person, noone could hurt you more and yet noone can make you happier"
Submitted by Anonymous
1279. "Long you'll live and high you'll fly, smiles you'll give and tears you'll cry and all you touch and all you see is all your life will ever be"
Submitted by Cool Water
1280. "I will come to a point where my memory would degrade, but my love for you will be as fresh as the first time I found and felt it."
Submitted by Anonymous
1281. "When I stand here and look at you I see everything I ever needed or wanted!"
Submitted by Cathy
1282. "When your mind is flooded with the memories of a wonderful time and place... and you feel the warmth inside you grow..then you know you have visited this thing called love."
Submitted by Paula Scott
1283. "Love is perfect, even when we are not."
Submitted by Andrea
1284. "Nothing could bring contentment than seeing the love in your smile and knowing that smile is for me."
Submitted by Anonymous
1285. "Love from one side hurts, but love from both sides heals."
Submitted by adeel
1286. "Love is the only four letter word, that can take over another four letter word... HATE."
Submitted by adeel
1287. "Love doesn't consist of joining hands, it consists of joining hearts."
Source Unknown
Submitted by Anonymous
1288. "Love isn't something you do, love is something you are."
Submitted by Anonymous
1289. "I wish, I could keep you right in my heart and feed you my love and passion for rest of my life."
Submitted by Ahmad Hashmi
1290. "There is one thing today that can cause the most pain you can ever feel, and can make you happier than you have ever been. It is love."
Submitted by Anonymous
1291. "I will never break your heart, but if I do I'll break mine too."
Submitted by Anonymous
1292. "I don't love you because I think your cute. I think your cute because I love you."
Submitted by Anonymous
1293. "Who ever has my heart will always have my heart forever."
Submitted by Anonymous
1294. "Hope is what keeps some people alive in this world, and love is the watering can of hope's seed."
Submitted by Anonymous
1295. "To truly love is to have the courage to walk away and let the one who wishes to be free go. No matter how much it hurts."
Submitted by Paula Scott
1296. "If because loving you is to be painful of losing you, I'd rather love you than to be painful without you!"
Submitted by Long Dinh
1297. "Love does not just last by itself! It is our intention to prolong love determined whether it is going to last!"
Submitted by Long Dinh
1298. "Love is the only thing worth living for, and the only thing worth dying for."
Submitted by Rona Joy
1299. "Love Is... something you'll never run out of!"
Submitted by Anonymous
1300. "Neither a lofty degree of intelligence, nor imagination, nor both together go to the making of a genius. Love, love, love, that is the soul of a genius."
Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart
Submitted by Bachi
1301. "Love and hate are an equal emotion, but to hate is to live a dead life and to love it to live a dream."
Submitted by Anonymous
1302. "Love is divine and so are you, because you are my love of a lifetime."
Submitted by Jan-Peter Hashagen
1303. "If love is a battlefield, then I am a warrior... and I am always fighting for you... for you are my princess."
Submitted by GoinLoco
1304. "If you love someone tell them or you will lose your chance forever."
Submitted by Leia
1305. "To meet and to part is the way of life, but to part and to meet is the hope of life."
Source Unknown
Submitted by mickey
1306. "Remember me with great love now that I am here, not how I came to be."
Submitted by Anonymous
1307. "I fell in love with you and stayed in love with you because of the way you made me feel about myself when I was with you."
Submitted by la/\/i
1308. "Do we know if love is actually real, or is it something that the mind has tricked itself into believing?"
Submitted by Tierra
1309. "Love is like the truth, sometimes it prevails, sometimes it hurts."
Submitted by Victor M. Garcia Jr.
1310. "You need to live to love, you need to love to live."
Cicero
Submitted by Victor M. Garcia Jr.
1311. "How do you heal a broken heart? I have no idea where to start. Because everything i do, just reminds me of you."
Submitted by beth
1312. "If you were a star, you'd be the brightest in the sky."
Submitted by Lyndi
1313. "The most precious gift I have received is YOU!"
Chariji
Submitted by Rochelle
1314. "Don't be afraid of love. It is the most wonderful yet confusing feeling you will ever have."
Submitted by Molly Ring
1315. "Remember the truth that once was spoken, 'to love another person is to see the face of God'."
From Les Miserables
Submitted by Shannon
1316. "Reason plays no part. Heaven help my heart. I love him too much. What if he saw my whole existence? Turning around a word, a smile, a touch?"
From Chess (musical)
Submitted by Shannon
1317. "Love will keep us alive."
Eagles
Submitted by Shannon
1318. "And this love I have for you will never grow cold."
Mack Gordon & Harry Revel
Submitted by Shannon
1319. "Oh night that joined the lover to the beloved one, transforming each of them into the other."
St John of the Cross
Submitted by Shannon
1320. "Heaven is you, every little thing you do."
Jon Secada
Submitted by Shannon
1321. "And when you look into my eyes and say I'm gonna love you till the day that I die I know that this is heaven."
Jon Secada
Submitted by Shannon
1322. "You dream of a future, a possible place where we lie together face to face. And I'm looking forward, I will not deny I dream of a future made for you and I."
Duncan Sheik
Submitted by Shannon
1323. "The heart cannot exist without love... and love cannot exist without a heart." 
Submitted by tmbz
1324. "Love is the work of the heart, not the brain." 
Submitted by Laura
1325. "Love is like a rain drop, it starts out whole and happy, after a while it spreads in all different directions but eventually comes back together." 
Submitted by Hoss
1326. "Let not our love be like a flower that dies. Instead let it be like a river that flows FOREVER!" 
Submitted by Anonymous
1327. "Love is not what you make of it. Love is what it makes of you."
Submitted by Debaser
1328. "Love is a gift...not an obligation." 
Isabelle in "Fools Rush In" 
Submitted by Kimberly
1329. "LOVE - An emotion better expressed in quality than in quantiy." 
Submitted by LWolf
1330. "Never have I been so surrendering to a feeling....I must admit this is sweet surrender... this is true love." 
Submitted by Jay Juinio
1331. "Love you...It's funny how two words can take up so little space on a piece of paper, but fill up ALL of the space in my heart." 
Submitted by Jenna L.
1332. "Even when I pour my heart out to you, I'm not sure it shows, that I love you more than you'll ever know." 
Submitted by Brad
1333. "I always knew I'd look back at the tears and laugh, but I never thought that I'd look back at the laughs and cry." 
Submitted by IVY
1334. "My eyes sparkle without even a trace of fading light because of he who makes them shine."
Submitted by Inez
1335. "The love line between others should be open and not closed. When someone falls in love, there they should always be. Someone's love for another should last longer than the longest sea."
Submitted by J. M.
1336. "If I were the ocean, you would be the shore, because living life without you here would be needing something more."
Michael W. Smith
Submitted by Jill
1337. "We have a bond stronger than friendship and love and though we can/will not be together, we will NEVER be apart."
Beauty and The Beast
Submitted by Erin
1338. "I love you, you don't have to love me back...but im gonna give you my heart anyway."
Untamed Heart
Submitted by Allison Peters
1339. "Above all, love each other deeply, becuase love covers over a multitude of sins."
1 Peter 4:8
Submitted by Krystal
1340. "To live without love, is to live without a heart, wandering in the dark."
Submitted by Tim McMurtrie
1341. "Love today so you will never have empty yesterdays."
Submitted by Anonymous
1342. "Friends are like stars, you can't always see them but you know they're there."
Submitted by Anonymous
1343. "In all the vastness of outer space, there is none so lonely as the space which surrounds me without you..."
Submitted by Katmandu
1344. "A man who feels nothing is a man who loves nothing. And if you love nothing, what joy is there in your life?."
First Knight
Submitted by Anonymous
1345. "When I saw you, I saw love when you touched me, I felt love."
Shania Twain, "Still the One"
Submitted by Mon Villalon
1346. "That which we call Love is neither an effect or a cause, it is a force that writes or destiny at the same time as our thoughts."
Submitted by Mon Villalon
1347. "Your lover should not complete you, but compliment you."
Submitted by Anonymous
1348. "There are things in life your eyes will love, but not all will catch your heart."
Submitted by Anonymous
1349. "No man is ever worth crying over, but if he is...he won't make you cry."
Submitted by Megan
1350. "Watching you walk out of my life doesn't make me bitter or cynical about love, but it rather makes me wonder; if I so much wanted to be with the wrong one, how wonderful it will be when the right one comes along."
Source Unknown
1351. "The human heart feels things that the eyes cannot see and the mind does not understand."
Submitted by Anonymous
1352. "Mine ear is much enamoured to thy note; So is mine eye enthalled to thy shape, And thy fair virtue's force perforce doth move me On the first view to say, to swear, I love thee."
William Shakespeare
Submitted by Stephanie B.
1353. "You have to feel you sadness before your happiness because happiness is a hundred tears away."
Submitted by Anonymous
1354. "True love stories don't have endings."
Submitted by jenny hoffnagle
1355. "People say love is blind.Then what is love at the first sight."
Submitted by Rakshit
1356. "Love is to share your life with someone you love and love forgets mistakes."
Submitted by ck
1357. "If you love somebody, show it."
Submitted by Anonymous
1358. "I droped a tear in the ocean. Whenever they find it, I will stop loving you."
Submitted by Allan
1359. "Love is no comodity where they give free samples."
Submitted by RN
1360. "Some say love makes you weak from vulnerability, I say love makes you strong from surviving the fires of passion."
Submitted by Robin Dean
1361. "The real power of love is that we get to see ourself through the eyes of another, and we are all the better for it."
Submitted by Beth Queer
1362. "For the world, you're someone. For someone, you are the world..."
Submitted by Christina
1363. "The most beautiful thing in this life cannot be seen, even touched but felt with heart."
Submitted by Anonymous
1364. "False lovers are like autumn leaves, found everywhere. True lovers are like diamonds, precious and rare"
Submitted by Nadia
1365. "If you love something, let it go; if it comes back to you, it's yours; if it doesn't hunt it down and kill it."
Submitted by Mena
1366. "I find being in love extremely unpleasant, one has a certain urge to wash his hair in every thirty minutes, wear a green hat with yellow stripes, and wake up four o'clock in the morning to make sure he has not grown into a frog over the night."
Submitted by Anonymous
1367. "No matter where you are, whenever the wind blows, it will always wisper the name of yours in my heart."
Submitted by Anonymous
1368. "Life is water and love is a river."
Source Unknown
Submitted by Andras Kardos
1369. "Respect, admiration and trust equals love."
Hal Hartley
Submitted by Andras Kardos
1370. "Love is like an ocean that is so wide and deep."
Submitted by Jik
1371. "I look for love but will settle to be remembered."
Submitted by Nancy Buens
1372. "What about love? Overrated. Biochemically no different from eating large quantities of chocolate."
from the film "Devil's Advocate"
Submitted by Nancy Burns
1373. "Being in love is like having a heart-on!"
Submitted by Craig Rohatyn
1374. "Lust is easy to find....love is not!"
Submitted by Ellen Rudeski
1375. "To love for the sake of being loved is human, but to love for the sake of loving is Angelic."
Alphonse De Lamartine (1790-1869)
Submitted by Anonymous
1376. "Love is the answer to the final question..."
Source Unknown
1377. "The Light must come from within, and the Love must be effused into every moment in time, so that you become Love."
Source Unknown
1378. "It is not sufficient to say "I am Love, I am Light", if you then do not behave in an according manner." 
Source Unknown
1379. "There are only two real choices to be made. You can choose between love and fear."
Source Unknown
1380. "To be or not to be... but for love it is meant to be."
Romeo Conejos Jr.
1381. "All will surender with Love co'z Love conquers all."
Submitted by Christian Morales
1382. "One day I told god to give me all to enjoy life, and he gave me you to enjoy all."
Submitted by Ana Sofia
1383. "Love is like a pot of gold. Hard to keep, hard to hold, when you get it hold it tight then you'll know what love is like."
Submitted by DESAREE NIXON
1384. "True love is an intelligent concern for the other person. Otherwise, one person is just a product, and the other a consumer."
Submitted by Allen Crutchfield
1385. "Real is when there's someone's heart that has room for you... A place to hide when your world falls through."
Submitted by Liz Thompson
1386. "Love means sacrifices and it can move mountains..."
Submitted by mariel
1387. "Love is a verb, not a noun."
Submitted by Anonymous
1388. "One can love too much. Unconditional lovers can sometimes be too selfless. One must try to love the self to better be loved by their beloved, or they may become over giving and lose their beloved to a sense of guilt." 
Submitted by Ryan Dawson aka K7
1389. "Touch my mind and I will think of you... touch my heart and I will never forget you." 
Author Unknown
Submitted by Anonymous
1390. "You know you love someone, when the moment you can't feel them under your fingertips you miss them." 
Submitted by Amanda
1391. "The most precious gift in this world that comes into a man's possession is a woman's heart." 
Josiah G. Holland
Submitted by Tawanda
1392. "Your love is better than ice cream, better than anything else that I've tried." 
Sarah McLachlan
Submitted by Raffy
1393. "What I see in her is everything I want in another person and everything that I am afraid to lose in a friend." 
Submitted by Dillion Shobe
1394. "There ain't nothing that I wouldn't do... go to the ends of the earth for you. I could make you happy, make your dreams come true to make you feel my love." 
Bob Dylan
Submitted by Karen
1395. "It is better to leave in love than to part in hate." 
Submitted by Bobby Tse
1396. "On earth no one knows what love is. All we see and know is the effect of love." 
Submitted by White Knight
1397. "Perfection is equality." 
Submitted by White Knight
1398. "The key to understanding all things lies between ying and yang, chaos and peace, love and hate." 
Submitted by White Knight
1399. "A man's heart will never be complete without a woman's love." 
Submitted by Silk Da Shocka
1400. "Love is like a see-saw, it has to be equally balanced by your partner. If not then don't love else you will fall in a bottomless pit from which you may never be able to recover." 
Submitted by Girish
1401. "Peace is not the absence of conflict, but the presence of love." 
Submitted by Anonymous
1402. "Love is blind. Friendship closes it's eyes." 
Submitted by Anonymous
1403. "In a full heart there is room for everything and in an empty heart there is room for nothing." 
Author Unknown
Submitted by Anonymous
1404. "A friend hears the song in my heart and sings it to me when my memory fails." 
Author Unknown
Submitted by Anonymous
1405. "Special times and special places, special friends together; The moments pass so quickly, But the memories last forever." 
Submitted by Anonymous
1406. "When travelling the path of life, and finding love along the way, everything looks new and different. Little do you know it is the same old landscape you used to see all of the time; love has just given you new eyes." 
Submitted by Jayne
1407. "When I kiss you, it tastes like heaven... so sweet, loving, kind, and caring." 
Submitted by Anonymous
1408. "When I examine myself and my method of thoughts, I come to conclusion that the gifts of fantasy meant more to me than my talent for absorbing positive knowledge." 
Albert Einstein
Submitted by Tiara
1409. "All the wealth of the world could not buy you a friend, nor pay you for the loss of one." 
Author Unknown
Submitted by Tiara
1410. "The first sigh of love is the last of wisdom." 
Author Unknown
Submitted by Tiara
1411. "Where love is, there is no lack." 
R. Brome
Submitted by Tiara
1412. "Let men beware of causing women to weep; God counts their tears." 
Hebrew Proverb
Submitted by Tiara
1413. "Love, like a lamp, needs to be fed out of the oil of another's heart, or it's flame burns low." 
Henry Ward Beecher
Submitted by Tiara
1414. "Love sought is good, but given unsought is better." 
Shakespeare
Submitted by Tiara
1415. "The hours I spend with thee, dear heart, are a string of pearls to me; I count them over, every one apart." 
R.C. Rogers
Submitted by Tiara
1416. "If all those glittering monarchs that command the servile quarters of this earthly ball should tender in exchange their shares of land, I would not change my fortunes for them all. Their wealth is but a counter to my coin... the world is but theirs; but my beloved is mine."
Francis Quarles
Submitted by Tiara
1417. "Amor vincit omnia - love conquers everything."
Author Unknown
Submitted by Tiara
1418. "Love is an irresistible desire to be irresistibly desired." 
Robert Frost
Submitted by Tiara
1419. "You may conquer with a sword but you are conquered by a kiss." 
Daniel Heinsius
Submitted by Tiara
1420. "Drink to me only with thine eyes, and I will pledge with mine; Or leave a kiss but in the cup, and I'll not look for wine." 
Ben Jonson
Submitted by Tiara
1421. "Love at the lips was a touch as sweet as I could bear."
Robert Frost
Submitted by Tiara
1422. "I will leave thee when I have stolen from thy lips their yet untasted nectar, to allay the raging of my thirst, e'en as the bee sips the fresh honey from the opening bud." 
Kalidasa
Submitted by Tiara
1423. "Her lips on his could tell him better than all her stumbling words." 
Margaret Mitchell
Submitted by Tiara
1424. "People who throw kisses are mighty, hopelessly lazy." 
Bob Hope
Submitted by Tiara
1425. "Soul meets soul on lovers lips."
Percy Shelley
Submitted by Tiara
1426. "If rare gems like you weren't so rare this world would be a better place."
Author Unknown
Submitted by Tamikqra Rogers
1427. "When we get close, I want you to know that I get all weak and want to hold you forever."
Submitted by Matt Price
1428. "No matter where life takes me, if you are there to greet me I am home."
Submitted by Sarabeth
1429. "When you love a woman, you see your world inside her eyes."
Author Unknown
Submitted by Jennie Palmer
1430. "There will never be an answer to your quest 'till the one you love answers, I Love You."
Submitted by Tom
1431. "Letting go does not mean giving up but accepting that there are things that cannot be."
Submitted by anonymous
1432. "Here we are undivided by anything, just you and I. We've come so far no one else could ever steal away what we confide." 
Submitted by Shumyla Bilal
1433. "It's a serious connection when I look into your eyes. When you show me your affection it's more than I realize."
Submitted by Shumyla Bilal
1434. "True love comes quietly without banners or flashing lights. If you hear bells, get your ears checked." 
Submitted by Anonymous
1435. "If I had a star for every time I thought of you, I'd be looking far out onto the edges of all the galaxies ever made." 
Submitted by Tifa Lockheart
1436. "Words can simply not reveal the degree of ecstasy only you can make me feel when you give your love to me." 
Michael Franks
Submitted by Erin
1437. "If I tell you I love you can I keep you forever." 
From the movie, Casper
Submitted by Erin
1438. "Distance can't keep us apart 'cause you'll always live within my heart."
Submitted by Ree
1439. "It means everything to me when you tell me you love me."
Submitted by Anonymous
1440. "What lies before you and what lies behind you are tiny matters compared to what lies within you."
Emerson
Submitted by Natalia
1441. "Love is a gift everyone should be wrapped up with." 
Submitted by Maryann
1442. "A ring is round and round and has no end. So is our friendship too, my friend."
Submitted by Isabelle
1443. "Even though my heart you've broken, I know my heart has spoken."
Submitted by Christi Perta
1444. "Integrity once compromised can never be recovered. So love wisely."
Submitted by Christian
1445. "You are like a rare flower that everyone wants. If I can have you, you'll bloom all year round for I will water you with love for eternity."
Submitted by Muy Xing
1446. "Love is like a precious pearl. It takes time to grow into something lasting and beautiful."
Submitted by Ryanne
1447. "Being without you is like having half a soul."
Submitted by Sandra
1448. "Sometimes the thing you want the most in life is the hardest thing to get. Stop trying so hard and just maybe it will be easier to receive." 
Submitted by Mindy
1449. "The things we cherish in life are not the things we need, but the things we love." 
Submitted by Branden Staiger
1450. "There was a time that I just thought I would lose my mind. You came along and then the sun did shine... started on my way........" 
America
Submitted by Anngen
1451. "Beauty without virtue is like a flower with no fragrance." 
Submitted by Christian
1452. "Friendship is like a flower. If it should ever die, you know it will always grow back." 
Submitted by Anonymous
1453. "I need someone to ease my mind but sometimes a someone is so hard to find." 
Smashing Pumpkins
Submitted by Allie
1454. "Some people say that when you are in love, you must always hold hands. But when it's true love, you don't need to because you just know that the other hand will always be there." 
Submitted by Anonymous
1455. "And Steal immortal blessings from her lips; who,even in pure and vestal modesty, still blush, as thinking their own kisses sin." 
Shakespeare - Romeo and Juliet
Submitted by Don Choquette
1456. "I will hold you close in my heart and feel the warm pulse of your spirit quickening my soul." 
Submitted by Don Choquette
1457. "It hurts to look at him; I love him too much." 
Submitted by Anonymous
1458. "You're the reason I believe in love And you're the answer to my prayers from up above. All we need is just the two of us, my dreams came true because of you." 
Shania Twain
Submitted by Summer
1459. "My love need not shout, for your heart hears my silence just as clearly."
Submitted by Daphne
1460. "The whispers of love will echo long after the shouts of hatred fade." 
Submitted by Daphne
1461. "Love is when two people can close their eyes and see heaven." 
Author Unknown
Submitted by Heather
1462. "Love bonds us together though me may be far apart." 
Submitted by Bekah Wallace
1463. "My heart's cry is one that will love me forever and unconditionally. One who will protect me and hold me close every chance. One in who's eyes I could see love... and in who's lips I would feel love. You are my hearts cry." 
Submitted by Bekah Wallace
1464. "They say heaven is wonderful. If so then I have found it in you." 
Submitted by Bekah Wallace
1465. "You know you're in love when you say "I love you" in your mind, and realize you said it out loud." 
Submitted by Emily
1466. "Her sweet voice echoes in the empty chambers of my heart, vibrating into soothing music that flows through my soul." 
Submitted by Anonymous
1467. "My simple existence means nothing without the life of the love you give."
Submitted by Shelly Sperino
1468. "Love is a thing that which brings something new everyday." 
Submitted by Donna
1469. "Love is when you wake up each morning knowing that you have this great person by your side." 
Submitted by Donna
1470. "Love is like a fire - it will eventually die out if not tended to."
Submitted by Donna
1471. "Nothing compares with the finding of true love, because once you do your heart is complete." 
Submitted by Brock
1472. "When you hug so tight you can barely breath, it's merely your hearts trying to touch." 
Submitted by Chris Seitl
1473. "Can you imagine this world today without the love between us? It wouldn't be worth living." 
Submitted by Jonathan Rousell
1474. "With all my love I give to you, my heart, my soul, my everything." 
Submitted by Graham Blandford
1475. "You know when you've truly connected with someone, when you miss them before they even leave." 
Submitted by Caroline
1476. "There is no long distance about love...It always finds a way to bring two hearts together no matter how many miles there are between them." 
Submitted by Bekah Wallace
1477. "I must conquer my loneliness alone. I must be happy with myself, or I have nothing to offer. Two halves little choice but to join; and yes, they do make a whole. But two wholes when they coincide.... that is beauty. That is LOVE..." 
Submitted by Lady Dalabrae
1478. "What is love anyway? I thought it was a good thing but so far it's caused me nothing but pain." 
Submitted by Shaunte
1479. "Do I love him because I care about him and I would do anything for him or do I love him because I don't know know how not to love him?" 
Submitted by Allison
1480. "You are leaving -- so is the way of life. I will see you again -- so is the way of love." 
Earl Thomas Conly
Submitted by Beth
1481. "Nobody falls like a fool, nobody loves like a believer." 
Earl Thomas Conly
Submitted by Beth
1482. "The heart isn't blind, it just sees what it wants to see." 
Earl Thomas Conly
Submitted by Beth
1483. "Love is not blind, it has the sharpest eyes and because it sees more, it is willing to see less." 
Submitted by Patricia
1484. "Jealousy, that dragon which slays love under the pretence of keeping it alive." 
Havelock Ellis
Submitted by Heather
1485. "The magic of first love is our ignorance that it can never end."
Benjamin Disrael
Submitted by Heather
1486. "You learn to like someone when you find out what makes them laugh, but you can never truly love someone until you find out what makes them cry."
Submitted by Tink
1487. "Your love is my inspiration; I find the purity of your love in every color I place on canvas. Without your love, they remain merely colors, but with your love, they become the masterpiece of our life together." 
Submitted by Stephanie Malanowski
1488. "I LOVE YOU - eight letters, three words, one meaning." 
Submitted by Anonymous
1489. "You and I seem that we're like flowers together. Without you nothing would blossom, 'cause you are truly the seed to my love." 
Submitted by Jonathan Rousell
1490. "Don't kill your love with fear." 
Submitted by Juli
1491. "Love is the only thing in this world that you can't live without. Without love, you are not whole." 
Submitted by Strawberry Rose
1492. "Do not love another that does not love you for someday you my friend will get burned also, but do not think love is something you simply let go of, but more as a lesson to stop and learn from." 
Submitted by April Graham
1493. "Love is like the wind. Though sometimes it whispers and sometimes it screams, it shall be everlasting to me." 
Submitted by White Knight
1494. "All I want is for you to have a life you love and live. Take from me all I have to give, because you are in my heart." 
Vertical Horizon
Submitted by Mary Stone
1495. "If your eyes were the stars, I could never look down." 
Submitted by JT
1496. "Measure your life in love." 
Anonymous
1497. "I know I won't live forever, but forever I'll be loving you." 
Author Unknown
Submitted by Allie
1498. "When the world sees a spark between two people, only the real fire begins when their eyes meet for the first time." 
Anonymous
1499. "When a love between two people is so great, not even distance can keep them apart." 
Submitted by Jordan Serrano
1500. "My true heart belongs not to me but to the one who loves it well."
Montpellier Codex, 13th Century
Submitted by Maryann
1501. "When you leave me, throw away the key that is to my heart. Maybe then someone worthy of my love will find that key and use it wisely." 
Submitted by Ryanne
1502. "Don't just say you love me. Show me how you love me." 
Author Unknown
Submitted by Ryanne
1503. "If the sun always shines, there's a desert below. It takes a little rain to make love grow." 
Anonymous
1504. "Always follow your heart instead of your head. Even if it gets you in trouble, your heart will never steer you wrong." 
Author Unknown
1505. "I steal a kiss from her sleeping shadow moves. 'Cause I'll always miss her wherever she goes. And I'll always need her more than she could ever need me. I need someone to ease my mind, but sometimes a someone is so hard to find." 
Billy Corgan
Submitted by Kristi Ponder
1506. "Sleep will not come to this tired body now. Peace will not come to this lonely heart. There are some things I'll live without but I want you to know that I need you right now, I need you tonight." 
Billy Corgan
Submitted by Kristi Ponder
1507. "I believe in you, you're the other half of me. Soothe and heal. When you sleep, when you dream, I'll be there if you need me, whenever I hear you sing." 
James Iha
Submitted by Kristi Ponder
1508. "Love comes in colors I can't deny. All that shimmers is love, and all that matters is love." 
Billy Corgan
Submitted by Kristi Ponder
1509. "You are so beautiful, you are my destiny, you are my complete soul, after all you are me." 
Submitted by Kristi Ponder
1510. "True love can never be too strong or too dull, it can only be just right." 
Submitted by Usher Raymond
1511. "The world can be a dark place without love in your heart. Although, it creates an empty space that can be torn apart." 
Submitted by Kristi Ponder
1512. "All that matters in the end is who you love and who loves you, you two souls forever in harmony." 
Submitted by Shane Downing
1513. "When I look upon this sometimes bleak world and reluctant society, your love and beauty is the power that carries me onward." 
Submitted by Shane Downing
1514. "Doubt that the stars are fire, doubt that the sun do not move, doubt truth to be liar, but never doubt that I love you." 
Submitted by Gurdeep Kaur
1515. "I've spread my dreams at your feet, tread softly because you tread my dreams." 
Submitted by Gurdeep Kaur
1516. "The license said you had to stick around until I was dead. But if you're tired of looking at my face, I guess I already am." 
Liz Phair
1517. "Love like music brings joy to the heart." 
>Submitted by Gurdeep Kaur
1518. "Love won't be tampered with, love won't go away. Push it to one side and it creeps to the other." 
Louise Erdrich
Submitted by Leigh
1519. "Love is a VERB... an action we CHOOSE to carry out. Take action today and show the one you love how you feel about them."
Submitted by Gooby
1520. "He has achieved success who has lived well, laughed often, and loved much."
Submitted by Anonymous
1521. "If I am the sun, I only wish to be a small part of your constellation."
Submitted by Elliana
1522. "If loving you is a punishment then let the punishment be eternal."
Submitted by Elliana
1523. "I there is one dellusion that everybody has, is that of being in love." 
Submitted by Elliana
1524. "All I ever wanted, all I ever needed is here in my arms. Words are very uneccesary they can only do harm."
Depeche Mode
Submitted by Jennifer Rocha 
1525. "Every minute with you feels like a second of heaven, but every second you're not here feels like an eternity of pain."
Submitted by Kris
1526. "If tomorrow never comes, will she know how much I loved her? Did I try in every way to show her everyday that shes my only one? And if my time on earth were through and she should face this world without me, is the love I gave her in past gonna be enough to last? If tomorrow never comes."
Garth Brooks
Submitted by Jennie
1527. "I cannot speak. I've lost my voice. Speechless and redundant because "I love you" is not enough... I'm lost for words."
Billie Joe, Green Day
Submitted by Annie
1528. "Be mature and accept all the imperfections, as you see the coming and going of people and fate."
Submitted by Dream
1529. "For you, I would stop the very rotation of the earth simply to keep one moment forever."
Submitted by Les Harris
1530. "Imperfection is not a weakness, but a strength." 
Submitted by Scott Anderson
1531. "The journey itself is what makes life, not the outcome."
Jennifer Robinson
Submitted by Byron Osborn
1532. "Life is a journey from one point to another. You know where you will end up, but you don't know what route will get you there."
Jennifer Robinson
Submitted by Byron Osborn
1533. "I know that it's love because I see you even when my eyes are shut and I feel you even when you're not there."
Submitted by Kris
1534. "And our feelings just aren't feelings anymore. They're just words that come from whispers from people we don't know." 
Baby Face
Submitted by Kris
1535. "If I could give you all the gold and jewels of Ali-Baba, I would, but they couldn't compare to the thing you've given me ... LOVE."
Submitted by Bigdaddy
1536. "How can I let go? How do I unlearn the love I feel for you?"
Submitted by Tiyadi
1537. "Don't try to understand me, your hands already know too much."
Jewel
Submitted by Yolanda Hoeye
1538. "I'll be dreaming my dreams with you..."
Submitted by Laura
1539. "You've got to dance like nobody's watching, and love like it's never going to hurt."
Submitted by Paula Arsenault
1540. "If I had never met him, I would have dreamed him into being."
Author Unknown
Submitted by M.M.A.
1541. "Compared to my heart's desire, the sea is a drop."
Author Unknown
Submitted by M.M.A.
1542. "The tragedy is not that love doesn't last. The tragedy is the love that lasts."
Author Unknown
Submitted by M.M.A.
1543. "The truth is that love is buried in your soul, and no relationship with anyone can unearth it or activate it in your life."
Iyanla Vayzant, "In the Meantime"
Submitted by M.M.A.
1544. "Love is being still enough to feel all that is going on inside you and then learning how to acknowledge and accept what you feel."
Iyanla Vayzant, "In the Meantime"
Submitted by M.M.A.
1545. "A lover's eyes will gaze an eagle blind."
Shakespeare
1546. "Whatever our souls are made of, his and mine are the same."
Emily Bronte
Submitted by M.M.A.
1547. "I was so overly in love with love, although it hurt more with passing days. I though it was a blessing from above, now I know love has to go both ways."
Submitted by Kristi Ponder
1548. "Truthfulness is to a friendship,what hot air is to a balloon. Without it, it can not get off the ground or have a chance of going anywhere."
Submitted by Rickrob
1549. "Though the miles between us are many, the heart is a bridge that can span the largest oceans. Thus, we shall alway be close, as long as we are in each other's hearts."
Submitted by Rickrob
1550. "A woman's heart is a ocean of secrets. If you want to find romance go out there and take a chance."
Submitted by Sunjay Gupta
1551. "Friends online are like money, they're easy to make and hard to keep."
Submitted by Sunjay Gupta
1552. "Love is the thing we cherish, but even from love we perish."
Submitted by White Knight
1553. "Don't give up on anybody...Miracles happen everyday!"
Life's Little Instruction Book
Submitted by Crystal
1554. "Love comes when you least expect it... it feels like you're in a state of fantasy."
Submitted by Robert Dorsey
1555."Love is a long journey wherein you never know what awaits you."
Submitted by Robert Dorsey
1556. "Dancing between two people is a conversation... talk to me!!"
Author Unknown
Submitted by Kasey
1557. "Here in my heart, while my arms are empty, I am still holding on to you."
Author Unknown
1558. "Anger is the fluid love bleeds when you cut it." 
Author Unknown
1559. "Real love stories never have endings." 
Author Unknown
1560. "The years that I've known you seem like a lifetime. The years that I've loved you seem like two eternities"
Submitted by Kristi Ponder
1561. "In the dark or the broad daylight, I promise I'll be there."
Bee Gees
Submitted by Emily
1562. "So this is who you are. And the rest of my life I dedicate to you. My love will go on just as long as the river flows."
Bee Gees
Submitted by Emily
1563. "When everything else looks bad, the love in your heart that you share and receive will shine through."
Submitted by Mark Manis
1564. "I'll take today over yesterday, any day."
K. Robbins & W. Robinson
Submitted by Jennifer
1565. "You'll deny the truth, believe a lie, there'll be times that you'll believe you can really fly but your lonely nights have just begun when you love someone."
Bryan Adams, Gretchen Peters, Michael Kamen
Submitted by Ally
1566. "I'm not afraid of living alone, I was alone before he came. I've been in love many times before but this time's not the same."
Mike Reid, Tena Clark
Submitted by Ally
1567. "Angels were singing, didn't you hear? If only I'd listened when they whispered in my ear."
Gillian Welch, David Rawlings
Submitted by Ally
1568. "If I love you will you run away? And if you stay, will I disappear?"
Sheryl Crow
Submitted by Ally
1569. "I love you. Not only do you define beauty in my eyes but you defy it as well."
Submitted by Danny Gao
1570. "If you never had a broken heart, you have not yet experienced true love."
Submitted by Nicole
1571. "Your love was worth waiting for, now I am complete."
Submitted by Bridget
1572. "Oh never fear, beloved friend, for in the end it's worth the price, the fee, the cost, when all is lost but love has won."
Submitted by Silowet
1573. "Love said, 'Lie still and think of me,' Sleep said, 'Close your eyes till break of day'. But Dreams came by, and smilingly gave both to love and sleep their way."
Sara Teasdale
Submitted by Michelle
1574. "If the eyes are the windows to the soul then If you were to look into my eyes you would see only yourself. My soul consists entirely of you, your words and your actions... Just you!"
Submitted by Samantha Walker
1575. "Some think that love is all flowers and good times but I think that love is more than just that... Love is the bad as well as the better, not lived alone but a journey together. Something that only the closest can share, with comunication, respect, and delicate care."
Submitted by Anonymous
1576. "You're all I see, and you're all I'll need. There's a love that God puts in your heart."
James Iha
Submitted by Kristi Ponder
1577. "You just can't tell who you'll love and who you won't."
Billy Corgan
Submitted by Kristi Ponder
1578. "I cry because I know he doesn't feel the way I do. I cry because I think of how pathetic I am. And I cry because I think I'll be crying forever."
Submitted by Kristi Ponder
1579. "Love is an undescribible feeling that clenches your heart and makes you weep."
Submitted by Kristi Ponder
1580. "By starlight, I'll kiss you, and promise to be your one and only. I'll make you feel happy and leave you to be lost in mine." 
Billy Corgan
Submitted by Kristi Ponder
1581. "There's just something about him that grabs my heart, and makes me hurt that I can't have him" 
Submitted by Kristi Ponder
1582. "The wonderful times we shared together shall always remain in my heart." 
Submitted by Milann
1583. "Love toward yourself - is the romance that lasts a lifetime."
Wild
Submitted by Val
1584. "The wound of Love can only be cured by the one who caused it."
Publii Sir
Submitted by Val
1585. "It may take a lifetime to find true love, but when you do, you will have an eternity to share it." 
Submitted by Akura
1586. "A kiss is a lovely thing designed by God for when words become unnecessary."
Submitted by Christina
1587. "A great evil lies in conformity, for with it comes the absence of individual thought, and that leads to the destruction of truth." 
Submitted by White Knight
1588. "If a star fell from the heavens every second I spend thinking of you, then the sky would be baron in half a day's span."
Submitted by Jeromiah Baker
1589. "You know when you are in love when no words are needed and the simple conversation of an hour-long gaze into each other's eyes satisfies your soul's longings."
Submitted by Jeromiah Baker
1590. "Love is an atitude that reveals itself in action." 
Author Unknown
Submitted by Jeromiah
1591. "Nobody will ever win the battle of the sexes. There's too much fraternizing with the enemy." 
Henry Kissinger
Submitted by Krista Power
1592. "Love is a deep well from which we may drink often but into which we may fall but once." 
Author Unknown
Submitted by Krista Power
1593. "The game doesn't always depend on how you play your cards; but it's the hand you are dealt." 
Submitted by Anonymous
1594. "Love is hard work! And hard work sometimes hurts!" 
Submitted by Anonymous
1595. "Your love is the fuel for the fire buring in my heart." 
Submitted by Jordan Serrano
1596. "Men should be buried in an underground dungeon; allowed up only for breeding purposes." 
Submitted by Anne Diola (KittyLove)
1597. "Love has no boundaries; no chains to hold it back." 
Submitted by Anne Diola (KittyLove)
1598. "One day, I woke up with you on my mind... I guess I did fall in love with you." 
Submitted by Anne Diola (KittyLove)
1599. "It's good to love now, better to love also later, but the best to love forever.." 
Submitted by Anne Diola (KittyLove)
1600. "It's a wonder... how the feeling you get when you fall in love feels the same as the pain you get when you lose that person." 
Submitted by Anne Diola (KittyLove)
1601. "I didn't know I was looking for love until I found you." 
Everything But the Girl
Submitted by Kaye
1602. "How empty of me to be so full of you, until all I know is the sound of your voice and the taste of your lips. You have made me..." 
Submitted by Blue Jean Baby
1603. "When you're in love, you wear an unexplainable smile!!" 
Submitted by Tammy Chapman
1604. "You can fool some people sometimes, but you can't fool all the people all the time." 
Bob Marley
Submitted by Erik Morken
1605. "If you can't be with the one you love, love the one you are with."
Author Unknown
1606. "I will greatly miss you, especially your presence in my life. Now my place in your book of life is gone and it is time to move on. So as time goes by, and there are more good-byes I hope that you remember me and the thoughts of our 'time'."
Submitted by Jason Welch
1607. "I can be with you always, whether you're near or far, for I have roads inside me that take me where you are." 
Submitted by Tracy
1608. "The power of a glance has been so much abused in love stories, that is has come to be disbelieved in. Few people dare now say that two beings have fallen in love because the have looked at each other. Yet it is in this way that love begins, and in this way only...Nothing is more real than these great shocks which two souls give each other in exchanging this spark."
Victor Hugo - Les Miserables
Submitted by Michelle Youngblood
1609. "We laughed until we had to cry, we hugged right down to our last goodbye, we were the best we'll ever be, just for a moment, you and me."
Author Unknown
1610. "I've never given anybody my soul, but I'm coming undone."
Bee Gees - "Kiss of Life"
Submitted by Emily
1611. "Speak softly my love, hold me close against your heart... because my life is yours..." 
Author Unknown
1612. "Keep your face towards the sunshine and you cannot see the shadows."
Helen Keller
Submitted by Lisa Silva
1613. "From the moment that our lips parted for the first time, and our eyes were married in a long loving glance, my heart told me that you were the one; My lips needed some more reassurance, but my heart was for certain!" 
Submitted by Joe Long
1614. "Love cures people... both the ones who give it and the ones who recieve it."
Dr. Karl Menninger
Submitted by Michelle
1615. "Truth never changes only our perception of it changes." 
Submitted by White Knight
1616. "Is it right to assume something about your partner? Some may say no, but will eventually change their minds once their heart is broken." 
Submitted by Traci
1617. "Love is like a game, play it right or you lose!" 
Submitted by Tina
1618. "True love is the absence of fear." 
1 John 4:18
1619. "You must have loved a man of genius before you can appreciate what fun there is in loving a fool." 
Mark Linehan
Submitted by The Godfather Of Love
1620. "I know I love him because every time I look into his eyes I see infinite happiness and serenity." 
Submitted by Stacey
1621. "Love is like sanity, sanity like holding hands... when you let go, both sanity and love are diminished." 
Submitted by Stacey
1622. "Real tears are not those that fall from the eyes and cover the face, but those that fall from the heart and cover the soul." 
Submitted by Sentimental Heart 17
1623. "Love is like sand, if you grasp it too tightly it slips through your fingers. But if you hold it just right it will stay there forever." 
Submitted by Anonymous
1624. "Someone once asked me why I wanted to be in love... I simply answered 'That's the only way I can survive.'" 
Submitted by Samantha Walker
1625. "I am woman. Don't try to understand why I am. Just love me for what I am." 
Submitted by Ryanne
1626. "You are my lover, you are like the curls of my hair, you remain strong until the end, through life's twist and twirls." 
Submitted by Rita R. Patel
1627. "Being in love with someone special makes the heart tickle with excitement. If love was a rainbow you'd be yellow because you brighten my day with just a smile." 
Submitted by Rebecca Day
1628. "It may take a lifetime to find true love, but when you do you will have an eternity to share it." 
Submitted by Ray Berard
1629. "In order to love, you must risk pain." 
Travis Lutgen
Submitted by Princess
1630. "Love is a feeling of serenity within the heart, a feeling of homecoming, whatever the distance between you and your love." 
Submitted by Paul
1631. "Patience is the key to her heart. It has a great security system, you can only get in if she gives you the key willingly." 
Submitted by Pat Garbos
1632. "When I read my first love story, I started looking for you, not knowing how blind that was. Great lovers don't just meet somewhere, they are inside each other all the time."
Rumi, a 17th century persian poet
Submitted by Nicole
1633. "My life is for me but my heart is for you." 
Submitted by Anonymous
1634. "Without love in a dream, it will never come true." 
Jerry Garcia
Submitted by Morningdew
1635. "Love is like a rose. It needs tender care in order to bloom."
Submitted by Michael
1636. "My life is incomplete without you. A feeling in the pit of my stomach, a feeling of complete depression when I'm not with you lets me know that I cannot live without you." 
Submitted by Michael
1637. "There are hundreds of languages in the world but a smile speaks them all." 
Author Unknown
Submitted by May
1638. "The wise woman is that who adds some suger to what she says to a man... and some salt to what she hears from him." 
Anees Mansour -Egyptian
Submitted by Mariam Khaled
1639. "Love is the greatest energy in the world and the least expensive." 
Anees Mansour -Egyptian
Submitted by Mariam Khaled
1640. "You love me I know you do, 'cause your eyes really speak for you." 
Submitted by Mariam Khaled
1641. "They say it's just puppy love but they don't know anything because our love is more than they could see." 
Submitted by Lianne
1642. "You're everything I want in a lover, you're everything I need in a friend." 
Submitted by Lianne
1643. "True beauty has unlimited power. It is not just what they look like but it is the things they do that makes you fall in love with them all over again." 
Submitted by Lance
1644. "Love is a great feeling having him beside me... as long as he is there and I am here... that's a nice feelin'." 
Submitted by Katkat
1645. "Love was when I loved you, one true time I hold to." 
Celine Dion, My Heart Will Go On
Submitted by Katkat
1646. "Yet I should forget you, I would never forgive myself if I did." 
Submitted by Christina Swan
1647. "Love is like a candle. It's lit in one instant, but it takes a long time to burn down."
Submitted by Christina Swan
1648. "My soul's ambition is to love you. Love you with all my heart, my mind, and with all my strength." 
Author Unkown
Submitted by Chello
1649. "One need not look towards the heavens to find an angel for I have one here before me." 
Submitted by Lee Butler
1650. "Just as the ocean is full of water, so must your heart be full of love to give to all of man." 
Submitted by Lee Butler
1601. "I didn't know I was looking for love until I found you." 
Everything But the Girl
Submitted by Kaye
1602. "How empty of me to be so full of you, until all I know is the sound of your voice and the taste of your lips. You have made me..." 
Submitted by Blue Jean Baby
1603. "When you're in love, you wear an unexplainable smile!!" 
Submitted by Tammy Chapman
1604. "You can fool some people sometimes, but you can't fool all the people all the time." 
Bob Marley
Submitted by Erik Morken
1605. "If you can't be with the one you love, love the one you are with."
Author Unknown
1606. "I will greatly miss you, especially your presence in my life. Now my place in your book of life is gone and it is time to move on. So as time goes by, and there are more good-byes I hope that you remember me and the thoughts of our 'time'."
Submitted by Jason Welch
1607. "I can be with you always, whether you're near or far, for I have roads inside me that take me where you are." 
Submitted by Tracy
1608. "The power of a glance has been so much abused in love stories, that is has come to be disbelieved in. Few people dare now say that two beings have fallen in love because the have looked at each other. Yet it is in this way that love begins, and in this way only...Nothing is more real than these great shocks which two souls give each other in exchanging this spark."
Victor Hugo - Les Miserables
Submitted by Michelle Youngblood
1609. "We laughed until we had to cry, we hugged right down to our last goodbye, we were the best we'll ever be, just for a moment, you and me."
Author Unknown
1610. "I've never given anybody my soul, but I'm coming undone."
Bee Gees - "Kiss of Life"
Submitted by Emily
1611. "Speak softly my love, hold me close against your heart... because my life is yours..." 
Author Unknown
1612. "Keep your face towards the sunshine and you cannot see the shadows."
Helen Keller
Submitted by Lisa Silva
1613. "From the moment that our lips parted for the first time, and our eyes were married in a long loving glance, my heart told me that you were the one; My lips needed some more reassurance, but my heart was for certain!" 
Submitted by Joe Long
1614. "Love cures people... both the ones who give it and the ones who recieve it."
Dr. Karl Menninger
Submitted by Michelle
1615. "Truth never changes only our perception of it changes." 
Submitted by White Knight
1616. "Is it right to assume something about your partner? Some may say no, but will eventually change their minds once their heart is broken." 
Submitted by Traci
1617. "Love is like a game, play it right or you lose!" 
Submitted by Tina
1618. "True love is the absence of fear." 
1 John 4:18
1619. "You must have loved a man of genius before you can appreciate what fun there is in loving a fool." 
Mark Linehan
Submitted by The Godfather Of Love
1620. "I know I love him because every time I look into his eyes I see infinite happiness and serenity." 
Submitted by Stacey
1621. "Love is like sanity, sanity like holding hands... when you let go, both sanity and love are diminished." 
Submitted by Stacey
1622. "Real tears are not those that fall from the eyes and cover the face, but those that fall from the heart and cover the soul." 
Submitted by Sentimental Heart 17
1623. "Love is like sand, if you grasp it too tightly it slips through your fingers. But if you hold it just right it will stay there forever." 
Submitted by Anonymous
1624. "Someone once asked me why I wanted to be in love... I simply answered 'That's the only way I can survive.'" 
Submitted by Samantha Walker
1625. "I am woman. Don't try to understand why I am. Just love me for what I am." 
Submitted by Ryanne
1626. "You are my lover, you are like the curls of my hair, you remain strong until the end, through life's twist and twirls." 
Submitted by Rita R. Patel
1627. "Being in love with someone special makes the heart tickle with excitement. If love was a rainbow you'd be yellow because you brighten my day with just a smile." 
Submitted by Rebecca Day
1628. "It may take a lifetime to find true love, but when you do you will have an eternity to share it." 
Submitted by Ray Berard
1629. "In order to love, you must risk pain." 
Travis Lutgen
Submitted by Princess
1630. "Love is a feeling of serenity within the heart, a feeling of homecoming, whatever the distance between you and your love." 
Submitted by Paul
1631. "Patience is the key to her heart. It has a great security system, you can only get in if she gives you the key willingly." 
Submitted by Pat Garbos
1632. "When I read my first love story, I started looking for you, not knowing how blind that was. Great lovers don't just meet somewhere, they are inside each other all the time."
Rumi, a 17th century persian poet
Submitted by Nicole
1633. "My life is for me but my heart is for you." 
Submitted by Anonymous
1634. "Without love in a dream, it will never come true." 
Jerry Garcia
Submitted by Morningdew
1635. "Love is like a rose. It needs tender care in order to bloom."
Submitted by Michael
1636. "My life is incomplete without you. A feeling in the pit of my stomach, a feeling of complete depression when I'm not with you lets me know that I cannot live without you." 
Submitted by Michael
1637. "There are hundreds of languages in the world but a smile speaks them all." 
Author Unknown
Submitted by May
1638. "The wise woman is that who adds some suger to what she says to a man... and some salt to what she hears from him." 
Anees Mansour -Egyptian
Submitted by Mariam Khaled
1639. "Love is the greatest energy in the world and the least expensive." 
Anees Mansour -Egyptian
Submitted by Mariam Khaled
1640. "You love me I know you do, 'cause your eyes really speak for you." 
Submitted by Mariam Khaled
1641. "They say it's just puppy love but they don't know anything because our love is more than they could see." 
Submitted by Lianne
1642. "You're everything I want in a lover, you're everything I need in a friend." 
Submitted by Lianne
1643. "True beauty has unlimited power. It is not just what they look like but it is the things they do that makes you fall in love with them all over again." 
Submitted by Lance
1644. "Love is a great feeling having him beside me... as long as he is there and I am here... that's a nice feelin'." 
Submitted by Katkat
1645. "Love was when I loved you, one true time I hold to." 
Celine Dion, My Heart Will Go On
Submitted by Katkat
1646. "Yet I should forget you, I would never forgive myself if I did." 
Submitted by Christina Swan
1647. "Love is like a candle. It's lit in one instant, but it takes a long time to burn down."
Submitted by Christina Swan
1648. "My soul's ambition is to love you. Love you with all my heart, my mind, and with all my strength." 
Author Unkown
Submitted by Chello
1649. "One need not look towards the heavens to find an angel for I have one here before me." 
Submitted by Lee Butler
1650. "Just as the ocean is full of water, so must your heart be full of love to give to all of man." 
Submitted by Lee Butler
1701. "With your love I'm like an angel, winged, beautiful, and in your eyes, heaven!" 
Submitted by Sasha
1702. "Love is looking into his eyes and feel your hearts beat, beat by beat, at the same pace." 
Submitted by Sari
1703. "When one fully understands something then they become bored. That is why love is so complicated." 
Submitted by Samatina A. Pannone
1704. "Would I rather think or feel? To think involves the mind. To feel involves the heart." 
Submitted by Samatina A. Pannone
1705. "If seeing is believing, let me be blind. For love is blind and I believe that you love me." 
Submitted by Samatina A. Pannone
1706. "Give love like your pet does. Unconditionally and without question."
Submitted by Samatina A. Pannone
1707. "A fool in love makes no sense to me. I only think you are a fool if you do not love." 
Submitted by Samatina A. Pannone
1708. "Why does it seem that only artists, musicians, and poets know how to express love?" 
Submitted by Samatina A. Pannone
1709. "The greatest desire is to love someone so much that their happiness is carved on the chambers of your heart." 
Submitted by Ryanne
1710. "If you walk right past the heart on the road of love, you will reach the soul."
Submitted by Rose Johnson
1711. "Love is in the heart, and only when two touch is it shared."
Submitted by Ray Berard
1712. "A heart's thirst for love can only be quenched when two hearts drink from the same soul." 
Submitted by Nathan Silva
1713. "Love is like the sun in that its warmth cannot be felt until it is exposed for all to see." 
Submitted by Michael
1714. "The line between love and obsession is drawn by only by circumstance." 
Submitted by Michael
1715. "True poets don't write their thoughts with a pen... they release the ink that flows from within their heart." 
Submitted by Maryann
1716. "If I can't say it to your face, then I'll say it to your heart."
Submitted by Mary Jane
1717. "Is not a kiss the very autograph of love?" 
Henry Finck
Submitted by Mai
1718. "The angel of love will fill your heart and you will have all you seek in time to come." 
Lee Butler
Submitted by Lisa
1719. "Pain and suffering is inevitable; being miserable is optional."
Submitted by Anonymous
1720. "The greatest love a father can give to his children, is to love their mother." 
Submitted by Anonymous
1721. "The greatest thing about love is that nothing else matters..." 
Submitted by Anonymous
1722. "Love is like gold - rare and treasured. Yet there is not just one piece of gold, but one that is unique to each person. Once you find yours, treasure it, and do not let it go." 
Submitted by Kelly Murrell
1723. "The biggest blessing in life is to have the certainty that you loved and that you were loved that's your ticket to immortality because the memories will always live." 
Author Unknown
Submitted by John G.
1724. "My soul cries for you every second that I live, and my heart reaches out for you every second that I love." 
Submitted by Joey Durma
1725. "Real love is when you will do absolutely anything and stop at absolutely nothing for the good of the person you love, whether or not the outcome is favorable for you." 
Submitted by Jodie Clements
1726. "There are two ways to make love: You can kiss someone or draw a heart." 
Submitted by Jeremy
1727. "I think love is like a road, a winding trail that does unfold, you know its love as you make your way, and your love is there to meet you halfway." 
Submitted by Jeffrey Shedler
1728. "True love is the grandest form of unity." 
Submitted by Jeff Denecke Jr.
1729. "Love that is selfish is infatuation. Love that is selfless is true and eternal." 
Submitted by Jeff Denecke Jr.
1730. "A soul without love is like a plant without water, withered and dying." 
Submitted by Jeff Denecke Jr.
1731. "The love in your heart wasn't put there to stay, love isn't love, till you give it away." 
Submitted by Iris Arellano
1732. "A dream is a wish your heart makes when you're fast asleep." 
Cinderella
Submitted by Heather K.
1733. "I know I will never give my girl a car because she can drive my crazy without one." 
Submitted by Freddy Bruis
1734. "Nobody knows what brings love, when you stop loving it's because you never started." 
Submitted by Faith
1735. "Pain is temporary, love is forever." 
Submitted by Faith
1736. "Fate only takes you so far, the rest is up to you, and only you." 
Submitted by Faith
1737. "Love gives only of itself and takes only from itself. For love owns not, nor would it be owned; For love is sufficient only to love." 
Submitted by Faheem Aziz-EL
1738. "How should we love? Love each other, but have space between your love; Let your love be as a flowing river between the banks of your soul." 
Submitted by Faheem Aziz-EL
1739. "Loving is a pleasure for the heart, but a responsibility for the soul."
Submitted by Faheem Aziz-EL
1740. "I wish that when I gave someone my heart, I could see whether or not they kept it or threw it away." 
Submitted by Emily Wahrendorf
1741. "Life is too short to talk about love......just feel it." 
Submitted by Don
1742. "Memories of special places; Treasured things and familiar faces; They never die or fade away; They make us happy still today." 
Submitted by Dianna Huerta
1743. "A thing of beauty is a joy forever." 
John Keats
Submitted by Dianna Huerta
1744. "Of all the memories we've shared... none are as wondrous as the ones we're making together today." 
Author Unknown
Submitted by Dianna Huerta
1745. "Alone I dare not climb... with you I reach new heights." 
Author Unknown
Submitted by Dianna Huerta
1746. "The smile on your face brings a smile to my heart." 
Author Unknown
Submitted by Dianna Huerta
1747. "I am not afraid of tomorrow, for I have seen yesterday and I love today." 
William Allen White
Submitted by Dianna Huerta
1748. "You can't judge a book by its cover... but you can tell how much its going to cost." 
Submitted by Dianna Huerta
1749. "America is my country and Paris is my home town." 
From The Movie, Sabrina
Submitted by Dianna Huerta
1750. "Love is the only gold." 
Lord Alfred
Submitted by Dianna Huerta
1751. "Trouble is a part of your life, and if you don't share it, you don't give the person who loves you a chance to love you enough." 
Dinah Shore
Submitted by Dianna Huerta
1752. "There is only one happiness in life to love and be loved." 
George Sand
Submitted by Dianna Huerta
1753. "People change and forget to tell each other." 
Lillian Hellman
Submitted by Dianna Huerta
1754. "Close together or miles apart we will always be heart to heart."
Submitted by Dianna Huerta
1755. "Oh remember in your narrowing dark hours that more things move than blood in the heart." 
Louise Bogan
Submitted by David Roberts
1756. "She walks in beauty, like the night of cloudless climes and starry skies; And all that's best of dark and bright meet in her aspect and her eyes." 
Byron
Submitted by Creative
1757. "There are many ways of earning respect. If it is given freely, then it is earned. For you, it is earned, simply by being what you are. "
Submitted by Creative
1758. "True love is not for a second, but for eternity." 
Submitted by Coby
1759. "If now, is going to be the last moment of my life, the first thing I want to do, would be holding you in my arms, my love." 
Submitted by CE
1760. "If my only love was to spend eternity in hell and I in heaven, I would gladly give thee one day in heaven for eternity in hell." 
Submitted by Casey Laine
1761. "If I had a 11 long stem roses and you I would have A perfect dozen, for you are the perfect flower." 
B.M.S
Submitted by Bryan
1762. "We must have been made from one body, split up into to beings, because together we are unstoppable." 
Submitted by Bruce Butkus
1763. "Set me as a seal upon thy heart, as a seal upon thine soul: for love is as strong as death and can leave as quick as life." 
The Bible
Submitted by Beth Mahoney
1764. "The only things in life you regret, are the risks that you didn't take. Love is a risk that everyone must take once in their lifetime." 
Submitted by Ben Brittsan
1765. "When you are in love, its written all over you. Its no mystery to the world; people can figure it out even if you keep it a secret." 
Submitted by Anjali Gupta
1766. "I need not tell you I love you, time will show you I love you." 
Submitted by Amy T.
1767. "You love simply because you cannot help it." 
Kim Anderson
Submitted by Amy Meggiolaro
1768. "Something good can come out of something bad, everything has a reason." 
Submitted by Amber
1769. "Dream as if you'll live forever, live as if you'll die today." 
Submitted by Anonymous
1770. "If you were to die 100 days from now, I would want to die 99 days from now so I wouldn't have to live a day without you." 
Submitted by Anonymous
1771. "A smile happens in a flash but its memory lasts a lifetime." 
Submitted by Anonymous
1772. "Love is to a heart what air is to a flame - it's needed in order to survive." 
Submitted by Amanda
1773. "Love is the fire that ignites the passion in my soul." 
Submitted by Sasha
1774. "Seeing is not believing, believing is seeing." 
Submitted by Rachel Odom
1775. "Your love will entice me forever." 
Submitted by Anonymous
1776. "You say it best when you say nothing at all." 
Allison Krause
Submitted by Michelle
1777. "Some say hanging on to someone is what makes you strong... but sometimes it's letting go."
Author Unknown
Submitted by Michael
1778. "Hands as soft as yours should be sent to heaven and made a cloud."
Submitted by Loverman
1779. "Just one night in your dreams would be like spending eternity staring at the face of an angel." 
Submitted by Loverman
1780. "Women were created to drive men crazy. Whether it's crazy it a good way or a bad way, is the question." 
Submitted by Les
1781. "I see golden rays of love behind you, emitting through my soul."
Submitted by Anonymous
1782. "To love and win is the best thing, to love and lose is the next best thing." 
Author Unknown
Submitted by Kim
1783. "I love when my heart smiles, but the best of all, it smiled because of you." 
Submitted by JM Reyes
1784. "The happiest part of my body is my heart, coz it always thinks of you." 
Submitted by JM Reyes
1785. "There are three letters carved in my heart, Y - O - U." 
Submitted by JM Reyes
1786. "I was born when you kissed me, and I died when you left me, but I lived for the two weeks you loved me." 
Submitted by Anonymous
1787. "Never frown because you never know when someone is falling in love with your smile." 
Submitted by Jaclyn Somodi
1788. "Love is like playing the piano. First you must learn to play by the rules, then you must forget the rules and play from your heart." 
Submitted by Heidi Docktor
1789. "Love doesn't have the same meaning to everyone... therefore we are here to find our own meaning to love." 
Submitted by Giovanna
1790. "A woman loves beyond her fears, believes beyond her doubts, trusts more than suspicions, and saves all of her tears for you." 
Submitted by Elizabeth Peterson
1791. "Looking back on ignorance, I was so very blind. But how was I to know that you were always mine?" 
Submitted by Elizabeth Peterson
1792. "I still love you like the first day I saw you standing in the lifeless grass, an oasis in the desert." 
Submitted by Elizabeth Peterson
1793. "My heart still skips a beat when you say your three words, giving me a rush that lasts for days and strengthens my character." 
Submitted by Elizabeth Peterson
1794. "You're two inches from me, but it's still too far away." 
Submitted by Elizabeth Peterson
1795. "The greatest healing therapy is friendship and love." 
Hubert Humprey
Submitted by Christina Hopkins
1796. "Love is that condition in which the happiness of another person is essential to your own." 
Submitted by Beckel
1797. "When the useless chatter stops, and you know that you can just shut the hell up for a while... that's love." 
Submitted by Bryan Alexanderson
1798. "Hate is the closest thing to love, for no other feelings are as strong."
Submitted by Bryan Alexanderson
1799. "If I ever were to experience a feeling as bold as love, it would be through you."
Submitted by Bryan Alexanderson
1800. "I devote my heart to you, if you would be so kind to take it." 
Submitted by Bryan Alexanderson
1801. "A man is a 0. A woman is a 1. Together, they can be a 10 - Russian saying" 
Maja Landeker
Submitted by Bob Hayner
1802. "Since I can't be with you right now I will have to be content just dreaming about when we will be together again." 
Susan Polis Schutz
1803. "Love is essential to a happy life so take risks. Love with all your heart, love with all your mind, it will be more than worthwhile." 
Susan Polis Schutz
1804. "Some people say it as easily as anything I've ever heard but someday I hope, that they will learn love is more than just a word." 
Javan
1805. "I don't want to look at you because, if I did, I would never turn away..." 
Submitted by Anonymous
1806. "The sound of a kiss is not as loud as that of a cannon, but its echo lasts a great deal longer." 
Submitted by Andrea
1807. "Why is it that we spend a lifetime trying to define what love is... what love means... yet we know in an instant if we are in it?"
Submitted by Shawn Standbridge
1808. "So many are hearts that my words have come to touch. So many are hearts that have taught me to love so much. Beware to the one's that choose to let my words in. For you just might love the real person that lives deep within!" 
Endlezluv
Submitted by Jessica
1809. "When you feel lonely look to the sky and know that I am somewhere beneath that same sky thinking of you and wishing you were there with me." 
Submitted by Leslie Guzman
1810. "Thank you for teaching my heart to dance among the stars." 
Submitted by Leslie Guzman
1811. "Truly loving another means letting go of all expectations. It means full acceptance, even celebration of another's personhood." 
Karen Casey
Submitted by Kristin
1812. "You never lose by loving. You always lose by holding back." 
Barbara De Angelis
Submitted by Kristin
1813. "Missing you is only half the story. Hope the other half is you missing me." 
Submitted by Chinna
1814. "No poet can express love greater than the deepened love of the human heart." 
Submitted by Todd Sansom
1815. "Whenever you kiss me nothing matters but that one instant, and all of my problems seem to disappear." 
Submitted by Mandy
1816. "Love is one, not one in a million, not one of a kind. When you find true love with someone, there's only one. Love is one." 
Submitted by Raul Lopez
1817. "Even if a day should go by when I don't say "I Love You" May there never be a moment go by without you knowing that I do." 
Submitted by Chantelle
1818. "I quietly Listen to your every thought as I wrap your soul in warm, soft light." 
Submitted by Angel Shamaya
1819. "When you die you will not be remembered for the value of your pocket or for what you have or had, but you will be remembered for the value of your heart and how much love you have." 
Submitted by Yosh
1820. "Love is the complete opposite of gold... the more you give, the more you have left to give." 
Submitted by Yoshi
1821. "Hate binds you but love is your release." 
Submitted by Nathan Silva
1822. "It is said that a good woman and a good book are both good to have. You can put the book away on the shelf to read later, but never put away a good woman, for she will not be there for you later." 
Lee Butler
Submitted by Lisa
1823. "All I need is my one star in the sky, to wish for you everyday." 
Submitted by Dezeray
1824. "The sweetest flower that grows I give you as we part. For you it is a rose... for me it is my heart." 
Anonymous
1825. "You know it's love when you can look at each other for minutes and say so much without uttering a word." 
Anonymous
1826. "Love has many meanings, but the only one that fits is you." 
Submitted by Tara Hennessy
1827. "The strongest human need is the need to love and be loved. Love makes every step light, every night starry, it is indeed the reason for living." 
Submitted by Alona Jean Bagaoisan
1828. "Love is the greatest gift the heart has ever known." 
Submitted by Sweetie
1829. "I wish you could live my life for just a moment. Then you would you see the difference you mean to me." 
Submitted by Dennis Carroll
1830. "Our love is like a golden chain that binds two hearts together.... And if you ever break that chain, my heart would be broken forever." 
Author unknown
1831. "It's easy to fall in love but hard to find someone who will catch you." 
Submitted by Sarah Deibler
1832. "To experience the coming together of you and I is to experience the ecstasy of an eternity." 
Submitted by John Jr.
1833. "Love can soothe what love can burn." 
Amy Grant
Submitted by Lauren
1834. "I'll give the music of the sunset, the rhythm of the sea, and when I learn to love you, I'll give the song in me." 
Anonymous
1835. "Love has to be nurtured like the bud of a rose, waiting to emerge into something strong willed and beautiful. If it's ignored it will wilt and die like love that is taken for granted." 
Submitted by Whitney Silver
1836. "Of all the languages in the world love is my favorite."
Submitted by Nathan Silva
1837. "True love can not be expressed in words or deeds, only in time can you show true love." 
Submitted by Nathan Silva
1838. "A heart without another is a candle without flame."
Submitted by Thai-Duong Nguyen
1839. "The only place we truly live is in the loving thoughts of others. All else is but a shadow of a shadow."
Submitted by David Gardner
1840. "Whenever we're apart it feels like a part of me is missing... and then I remember, you have my heart."
Submitted by Nancy
1841. "Love is like the grip of a newborn child, firm but loving."
Submitted by Donae Mosley
1842. "Love is the essence of life. Once it is achieved, nothing else matters."
Submitted by Anonymous
1843. "Money is not equivalent to caring. Anyone who believes this will eventually lose the person they love."
Submitted by Obed Matus
1844. "If a man is not willing to do anything for the woman he loves, he does not deserve to keep her."
Submitted by Obed Matus
1845. "In this world full of pain and sorrow, maybe once in a lifetime you'll find someone who will make you feel wonderful. Hang on to that someone no matter what!"
Submitted by Obed Matus
1846. "Do not ask love why it loveth! For love does not answer why nor how, it only answers when and the answer is always the same, now and forever!"
Submitted by Obed Matus
1847. "Did my heart love 'til now? Forswear it sight, for I never saw true beauty 'til this night."
William Shakespeare
Submitted by Jen
1848. "Always remember our love will never die, we'll be forever together until each of us is carried to the sky."
Submitted by Kim Beskow
1849. "Love is the light to make the world beautiful."
Submitted by Sarah
1850. "Love is like honey on your lips, like water for your sole, like peace for your mind."
Submitted by Tandi
1851. "You're the sunshine of my life, Your absence causes a total eclipse of my heart."
Submitted by Jessica
1852. "When your life is filled with the desire to see the holiness in everyday life, something magical happens: ordinary life becomes extraordinary, and the very process of life begins to nourish the soul." 
Submitted by Jessica
1853. "With every moment we share, every smile, every touch, I become more certain that in you, I've found something I've looked for... for a very long time. I don't know what the future holds, but I do know how much your love excites me, and how happy I feel when I'm with you. And from this day forward... that's more than enough."
Submitted by Jessica
1854. "There is nothing that means more to me than the joys of life you've helped me see, With your openness and honesty... YOU will always have my me and my love."
Submitted by Jessica
1855. "Thank you for yesterday, today and always... For bringing me happiness right from the start and offering me both your love and your heart, for being so thoughtful in all that you do, overlooking my faults, and understanding me too"
Submitted by Jessica
1856. "What love is: It is blind devotion, unquestioning self-humiliation, utter submission, trust and belief against yourself and against the whole world, giving up your whole heart and soul to the smiter" 
Charles Dickens
Submitted by Yogesh Ranchool
1857. "Love isn't guaranteed unless you say it not only on your lips, but in your soul completely."
Submitted by Jennifer Davis
1858. "To love is to admire with the heart; To admire is to love with the mind."
Submitted by Anonymous
1859. "Love starts with a smile, develops with a kiss, and ends with a tear."
Submitted by Matt
1860. "I'm gonna love you 'til the heavens stop the rain... I'm gonna love you 'til the stars fall from the sky, oh you and I. "
The Doors
Submitted by Leslie Guzman
1861. "The best way to keep your heart alive is to be unafraid to use it."
Submitted by Lisa
1862. "Her thoughts float through my mind like a Angel on heavenly winds.Can't she see this, can't she hear the screams of my soul as the two of them reunited slowly fade to black in the night!"
Submitted by Darin Logue
1863. "Sunshine from my love brings forth the roses in my cheeks."
Submitted by Thai-Duong Nguyen
1864. "If their smile warms your heart, embrace eases you, and kiss distills all wrong done to man, then you know that you have found true love."
Submitted by Syncratic
1865. "Love is a captured moment."
Submitted by Syncratic
1866. "If I can't say it to your face, then I'll say it to your heart."
Submitted by Kanda
1867. "Never say I love you if you don't care... Never talk about feelings if they're not there... Never touch a life if you mean to break a heart."
Author Unknown
1868. "A diamond you are, lying deep in the vast ocean awaiting to be discovered. Maybe it was destined, destined that I dove along that path & found a 'sparkling' diamond. Now I place this rare gem close to my heart... FOR LIFE."
Timmi Boon
Submitted by Lexy
1869. "Sometimes we can love completely even though we don't completely understand those we love."
Author Unknown
Submitted by Jessica Brown
1870. "Nobody's perfect but some are special."
Author Unknown
Submitted by Jessica Brown
1871. "So afraid to love you, but more afraid to lose. Clinging to a past that doesn't let me choose."
Anonymous
1872. "No more memories, no more silent tears, no more gazing across the wasted years. Help me say goodbye."
Anonymous
1873. "Love is a flower that is glowing bright, Love is a flower that will shine through the night."
Submitted by Jackie Bone
1874. "The story of life is quicker than a blink of an eye - the story of love is hello and goodbye, until we meet again..."
Submitted by Leandro Ray
1875. "The hardest part of dreaming about someone you love is having to wake up."
Submitted by Leandro Ray
1876. "The strongest emotion is often expressed in silence."
Submitted by Neka
1877. "Any child knows more of the meaning of life and love than any adult."
Submitted by White Knight
1878. "I'll promise to feed your heart with love if you promise to feed mine."
Submitted by Sudeh I
1879. "...And I don't understand, by the touch of your hand, I would be the one to fall, I miss the little things, I miss everything about you..."
Sarah McLachlan
Submitted by Jesse'sGirl
1880. "Love is when the presence of another makes you better."
Submitted by Kelley
1881. "We may not have everything together but together we have everything."
Anonymous
1882. "I can't show you my world of love if your not willing to come with me. So please take my hand."
Anonymous
1883. "I get hurt being with you, yet I'll get hurt without you. All I can do is stay with you, because no matter how much pain you give me I'll be right here beside you."
Anonymous
1884. "When I think of my love for you, my heart melts, though when I feel the love you have for me, you reshape my body into a dream of beauty."
Submitted by Kim Beskow
1885. "When you are so far away, I only think of the moment when I'll hold you in my arms.....and breathe in your love, exhaling the purity of our souls combining together."
Submitted by Kim Beskow
1886. "Love can make a summer fly, or a night seem like a lifetime."
Andrew Lloyd Webber, "Love changes Everything" from "Aspects of Love"
Submitted by Laura N.
1887. "Off into the world we go, planning futures, shaping years. Love bursts in and suddenly, all our wisdom disappears. Love makes fools of everyone. All the rules we make are broken. Yes love, love changes everyone. Live or perish in it's flame. Nothing in the world could ever be the same."
Andrew Lloyd Webber, "Love changes Everything" from "Aspects of Love"
Submitted by Laura N.
1888. "Love changes everything. Days are longer, words mean more. Love changes everything. Pain is deeper than before. Love can turn your world around, and that world will last forever."
Andrew Lloyd Webber, "Love changes Everything" from "Aspects of Love"
Submitted by Laura N.
1889. "The first time I heard your voice, I thought. The first time I saw your face, I knew. I've loved you before, and I will love you again. Something this deep, this powerful, can only stretch through several lifetimes."
Submitted by Laura N.
1890. "They say all angels must to their clouds return but I was left to burn, and blow a kiss to what might have been."
Terrence Trent D'Arby
Submitted by OnyxxJ
1891. "I laugh at lust and I laugh at distance, for I know my love is true. He is my destiny and I know."
Submitted by OnyxxJ
1892. "Love doesn't make the world go round... but the trip's sure worth the while."
Submitted by Kris
1893. "Two souls with but a single thought, two hearts that beat as one."
Submitted by Kris
1894. "To love one who loves you, to admire one who admires you, in a word, to be the idol of one's idol, is exceeding the limit of human joy; it is stealing fire from heaven."
Delphine de Girardin
Submitted by Julie Craft
1895. "Unremembered and afar I watched you as I watched a star, through darkness struggling into view, and loved you better than you knew."
Elizabeth Akers Allen
Submitted by Julie Craft
1896. "Love is not blind - it sees more, not less. But because it sees more, it is willing to see less."
Rabbi Julius Gordon
Submitted by Julie Craft
1897. "When we first met we did not guess that love would prove so hard a master."
Robert Bridges
Submitted by Julie Craft
1898. "It was just enough to sit there without words."
Louise Erdrich
Submitted by Julie Craft
1899. "It is my heart melting and pouring down my face. If I cry enough, I will have no heart left, and when my heart is gone my tears will cease."
Anonymous
1900. "Getting married is telling the whole world that you belong together. Being in love is knowing it before anyone else."
Submitted by Tracy
1901. "Getting married is telling the whole world that you belong together. Being in love is knowing it before anyone else."
Submitted by Tracy
1902. "A man loses his sense of direction after four drinks; a woman loses hers after four kisses."
H.L. Mencken
Submitted by Suzannah
1903. "Not many men will be willing to die for love these days, but you can't escape the fact that millions are dying daily from the very lack of it."
Author Unknown
Submitted by Melissa Webber
1904. "You're the closest to heaven that I'll ever be and I don't want to go home right now."
Goo Goo Dolls
Submitted by SnowyGold
1905. "The reluctance to put away childish things may be a requirement of genius."
Unknown
Submitted by SnowyGold
1906. "When in love: be fair and honest, even when it hurts."
Submitted by SnowyGold
1907. "Where you used to be, there is a hole in the world, which I find myself constantly walking around in the daytime, and falling into at night."
Edna St. Vincent Millay
Submitted by Jonetta
1908. "For we lose not only by death, but also by leaving and being left, by changing and letting go and moving on."
Judith Viorst
Submitted by Jonetta
1909. "Everything in life that we really accept undergoes a change."
Katherine Mansfield
Submitted by Jonetta
1910. "Love is... When two people don't like to be a part, they want to share everything heart to heart."
Katherine Mansfield
Submitted by Leo
1911. "The world is so much better when you're dreaming..."
The Youth Ahead
Submitted by Meesha
1912. "There are many obstacles in life but with love, life's uncertainties are adventures in the making."
Submitted by Tiy
1913. "Love is like a 1978 Mustang II 302, small but full of power."
Submitted by Tiy
1914. "Love is magical but sometimes magic is all one big illusion."
Submitted by Patrick
1915. "A joyful heart is the inevitable result of a heart burning with love."
Mother Teresa
Submitted by Karen
1916. "Love is danger, love is pleasure, love is pure, the only treasure."
Unknown
Submitted by Mark Fairbrother
1917. "In life we don't know how many love's the Lord will send us, but we do know that one day he'll send the right one."
Submitted by Sharita Gadison
1918. "That look in your eyes tells me I'm the one."
Submitted by Renee Carlin
1919. "If the blade of love ever cuts my heart in two, still I will run to you..."
Submitted by Louis Vincent Sambo
1920. "Being with you is like walking on a very clear morning - definitely the sensation of belonging there."
E.B. White
Submitted by Kelly
1921. "Love can be a marvelous thing if you care for it as a child and be amazed by it every moment of the day."
Submitted by Krystal
1922. "Don't ever frown, because you never know when someone might be falling in love with your smile."
Submitted by Anonymous
1923. "The love in your heart wasn't put there to stay, because love isn't love till you give it away."
Unknown
Submitted by Kristen
1924. "He drew a circle that shut me out heretic, rebel, a thing to flout..But love and I had the wit to win; We drew a circle that took him in."
Edwin Markham
Submitted by Maryann
1925. "He drew a circle that shut me out heretic, rebel, a thing to flout..But love and I had the wit to win; We drew a circle that took him in."
Edwin Markham
Submitted by Maryann
1926. "The moment I heard my first love story I began seeking you...not knowing that the search was useless. Lovers don't meet somewhere along the way, there in one another's soul from the beginning."
Submitted by Anonymous
1927. "Three words... Two people... One soul."
Submitted by Anonymous
1928. "Women are like tea bags, You never know how strong they really are until you put them in hot water."
Nancy Reagan
Submitted by Teresa French
1929. "Love is fire. But whether it is going to warm your hearth, or burn down your house, you can never tell."
Submitted by Anonymous
1930. "Whenever I hear your voice, my heart wanna hold yours... forever."
Submitted by Tim
1931. "Through all shadows of doubt, there is one thing I know for certain: I can't live without you."
Submitted by Anonymous
1932. "I love you more than words can say in a lifetime. More than I have ever dreamed, I love you."
Submitted by Naomi R.
1933. "Absence makes the heart go yonder."
Submitted by Geoff Bartenhagen
1934. "If there were no tears, no way to feel inside, I'd still feel for you. And even if the sun refused to shine, even if romance ran out of rhyme, You would still have my heart, Until the end of time.You're all I need, my love, my Valentine."
Martina McBride
Submitted by Jessica
1935. "Those eager, smiling eyes warm me like the sun. Hunger that you show me is hope where I've had none. The sureness you embrace has kissed me with delight and lead me to a place that's filled my appetite."
Submitted by Jessica
1935. "Smarter than the tricks played on your heart, we'll look at them together then we'll take them apart - Adding up the total of a love that's true multiply life by the power of two."
Indigo Girls
Submitted by Jessica
1936. "The less I seek my source for some definitive, the closer I am to fine - I'm harboring a fugitive, defector of a kind, And she lives in my heart and drinks of my wine - I'd give my last breath to keep us alive."
Indigo Girls
Submitted by Jessica
1937. "I don't know where this road is gonna lead us, but what a beautiful night for a drive baby, put your mind at ease - Drop the top and feel the breeze - Just follow all the signs to paradise."
Garth Brookes
Submitted by Jessica
1938. "Let us not love in word, neither in tongue; but in deed and in truth."
1 John 3:18
Submitted by Hollywood
1939. "Though time can change so many things, I know one thing is true. Time will never change the way I feel for you."
Submitted by Anonymous
1940. "Fate has its way of changing... Just when you don't want it to."
Submitted by Stacey
1941. "Love is being in it... and not even knowing it."
Submitted by Papi Chulo
1942. "There's always a reason behind a lovers fight; whether to know how they love or to make them drift apart."
Submitted by Nina Fulgencio
1943. "Sorrow is hurt but it is also the process of healing."
Submitted by Anonymous
1944. "Your eyes pull me to the shore, where I will crash upon your lips."
Submitted by Sailor SwiftHeart
1945. "Love is... like a complicated maze. When you think you're about to get out... you turn the corner and you're right back where you started..."
Submitted by Anonymous
1946. "Love is a bridge that binds hearts."
Submitted by Jenn
1947. "Like the rose, our love will bloom. Unlike the rose, our love will never die..."
Submitted by Tina Marie Perry
1948. "The one you love must not only respect what he can see, your body, but also what he cannot see, your mind."
Submitted by Paul Pratt
1949. "The heart and the mind are the greatest controversy. Follow your heart because your mind is influenced by the world around you, and the heart is influenced by the love you feel inside. And love is the greatest force, power, and strenght of all!"
Submitted by Suzie
1950. "Love is like a water, we cannot live without it."
Submitted by Michelle Udan
1951. "You wouldn't know that I was there cause I have been there all the time, and if I had my way I'd hold you in my arms and leave this madness all behind."
Blessed Union of Souls "Wanna Be There"
Submitted by Kristen
1952. "I'll be your crying shoulder, I'll be love suicide, I'll be better when I'm older, I'll be the greatest fan of your life."
Edwin McCain
Submitted by Kristen
1953. "True love lies in the heart of us all, but it takes someone special to unlock it..."
Submitted by Randy Francisco
1954. "Love is like a photo negative.. it needs darkness to develop."
Submitted by Anonymous
1955. "Love is like art... the more you practise the better it gets."
Submitted by Anonymous
1956. "Never resist a temptation that can lead to eternal bliss..."
Submitted by Michelle
1957. "Love is a gift, not an obligation, follow your heart and always trust the person you love."
Submitted by Sarah
1958. "Love is to linger... not to dance in the shadows of the brokenhearted."
Alisa Price
Submitted by Jeremy Bush
1959. "Love is like air... it's not important unless it's not there!"
Submitted by Stephen Bearden
1960. "Sighs are the natural language of the heart."
Shadwell
Submitted by Sailor SwiftHeart
1961. "A kiss, a hug, loving all night long and greet the new day with a smile!"
Submitted by Jackie Mosman
1962. "With true love comes no doubts, no jealousy, and no worries."
Submitted by Joel J.
1963. "If you think my eyes are beautiful, it's because their looking at you."
Song by Whitney Houston/Germaine Jackson
Submitted by N. Hazel
1964. "For a man to love a woman, he must first use his own heart."
Submitted by Lisa
Written by Mike, aged 13
1965. "Love is the way I feel when I can't imagine my life without you."
Submitted by Jennifer
1966. "Love is like quicksand, the more you fight it the faster you sink."
Submitted by Shawn
1967. "I wish that when I gave someone my heart, I could see whether or not they kept it or threw it away."
Unknown
Submitted by Jessie
1968. "You and I will live a lifetime, but our love will last forever."
Submitted by Scott Zallis
1969. "I wonder if I will ever find someone who would be willing and want to pick up the million broken pieces of my heart."
Submitted by Jenni Pelletier
1970. "There will always be that special place in my heart open to only you."
Submitted by Joe Miller
1971. "To love and win is the best thing; to love and lose is the second best."
Submitted by James Kuo
1972. "Words cannot fully express the extent of my love for him. But if you saw the way I cried when he left me, then perhaps you would understand."
Submitted by Juliana Tan
1973. "The highest to which a man can aspire is most uncontrolable, it is love."
Submitted by John Bray
1974. "Why do you love me?" "Because I finally learned what the word means."
Submitted by Kyle
1975. "No matter how badly your heart is broken, the world does not stop for your grief."
Anonymous
1976. "Love is like a butterfly, it settles upon you when you least expect it."
Submitted by Lauren Smith
1977. "Forgiveness is the scent a rose sheds on the heel that has crushed it."
Anonymous
1978. "I'm not saying leave him but if you are going to move, move this way."
Submitted by Master K-G
1979. "If you love someone, love from the depth of your heart."
Mazhar
1980. "If you trust someone, then you must have a blind trust."
Mazhar
1981. "If you see someone without a smile, give one of yours."
Anonymous
1982. "Infatuation brings aggravation. One sided love brings pain. Two sided love brings bliss."
Submitted by Kris
1983. "Platonic friendship is the interval between the introduction and the first kiss."
Submitted by Tricia
1984. "My heart smiled when you kissed my lips. What a sweet suprise."
Jan Arden
Submitted by Richard Rose
1985. "Love is like the truth: it will set you free."
Submitted by Anonymous
1986. "Love is like quick sand... the deeper you go, the harder it is to get out."
Submitted by Anonymous
1987. "love is strong. It's roots are deep, and its branches reach all the way to the sky."
Submitted by Anonymous
1988. "Never is a promise... and you can't afford to lie."
Submitted by Anonymous
1989. "Fear is the cause of death, it can be conquered by love and power."
Submitted by Anonymous
1990. "If you only listen to your heart it will reveal all the answers you seek."
Submitted by Anonymous
1991. "Love is not only as strong as a roaring wind, but as gental as a summers breeze."
Submitted by Anonymous
1992. "Love is that feeling which, once felt will forever be cherished and will immediately change one's life forever."
Submitted by Anonymous
1993. "The highest compliment one can be paid by another human being is to be told: 'Because of what you are, you are essential to my happiness'"
Nathaniel Branden
1994. "Do you want me to tell you something really subversive? Love is everything it's cracked up to be. That's why people are so cynical about it... It really is worth fighting for, being brave for, risking everything for... and the trouble is, if you don't risk anything, you risk even more."
Erica Jong
1995. "Everytime I think of you I always catch my breath."
submitted by Anonymous
1996. "Before a heart is captured, it must be willing to be caught."
Author Unkown
1997. "'Tis better to have never met you than to dream about you and find you not here."
Author Unkown
1998. "Love doesn't make things easier, just worth it."
Submitted By Anonymous
1999. "Love is how close you become to another, no matter how far apart the world may separate you."
Submitted By Anonymous
2000. "I'd rather have a moment of wonderful than a lifetime of nothing special."
From the movie, Steel Magnolias
2001. "My love and I are inseperable and I would want it no other way and if time could express my love for her then it's forever and a day."
Submitted by Anonymous
2002. "I can't wait to be with you, see your smile, look in your eyes, feel your sweet touch, hear your perfect words and kiss your pefect lips."
Submitted by Anonymous
2003. "It's hard for me to try and understand the way I feel about you and the way it made me feel to hold your hand."
Submitted by Anonymous
2004. "When you love someone - you'll feel it deep inside And nothin' else can ever change your mind."
Byron Adams
2005. "When you find the person you're going to marry, you'll know. You won't say "I found him." but "We found each other."
Submitted by Anonymous
2006. "Love is like art you must know it to appreciate it."
Submitted by Anonymous
2007. "I will live in thy heart, die in thy lap, and be buried in thy eyes."
Shakespeare, "Much Ado About Nothing"
2008. "One soul in two bodies."
Submitted by Catherine JS
2009. "There's a smile I've waited my whole life for."
Submitted by Anonymous
2010. "Love is like a river, it is everlasting."
Submitted by Heather
2011. "I love thee for thy heart, and not for thy knowledge in thy mind."
Submitted by Anonymous
2012. "One who shows too much pride is the one hurt and left aside."
Submitted by Tracy
2013. "Truth, like love, knows no age."
Submitted by White Knight
2014. "You are my sunshine, for when you smile down on me, it gives me the strength to go on and smile."
Submitted by Preeya
2015. "Love isn't something that needs to be said... expression and passion is where it is found and it goes to the depths of the heart."
Submitted by Char
2016. "When evening shadows and the stars appear and there is no one to dry your tears I could hold you for a million years to make you feel my love..."
Garth Brookes
Submitted by Jessica
2017. "Love quickens all senses... except for common sense."
Submitted by Rachelle
2018. "Love is but a five cent word for a priceless feeling."
Submitted by Symperia
2019. "Grasp the subject, and the words will follow; Win the heart, and so will the person."
Submitted by Symperia
2020. "People make the mistake in loving things and using people; We should be using things and loving people."
Submitted by Symperia
2021. "To love someone is to trust them with your heart and know that while they have it, nothing will harm it."
Submitted by Symperia
2022. "A man who cares for nothing loves nothing and if he loves nothing what point is there in his life?"
Submitted by Aaron Stange
2023. "Some people say that love is like a flower, well i wouldn't hope so because most flowers always die!"
Submitted by Abby
2024. "What is love? Love is two vowels, O & E. Love is two consenents, L & V. Love is two fools, you and me."
Submitted by Anonymous
2025. "...and then I did the simplest thing, I leaned over and kissed him and the world cracked open..."
Submitted by Addie
2026. "I would give up all the happiness in the world to relive the time we had together."
Submitted by Adidaz
2027. "You are the cherry on my sundae."
Submitted by Adrian
2028. "When you are in love, it is the most glorious two-and-a-half days of your life!"
Richard Lewis
Submitted by Adrienne Worrall
2029. "The world today is hungry not only for bread but hungry for love; hungry to be wanted, hungry to be loved..."
Mother Teresa
Submitted by Ah Yang
2030. "I kiss you from afar..."
Marlene Dietrich
Submitted by Ah Yang
2031. "I will hold you for as long as you like, I'll hold you for the rest of my life, Always looking for ways to love you, never failing to fight at your side."
Paul McCartney
Submitted by Ah Yang
2032. "The flower that blooms in adversity is the rarest and most beautiful of all."
From the movie, Mulan
Submitted by Ah Yang
2033. "Crystal is clear, so is love!"
Submitted by Ah Yang
2034. "Born to live, Destine to love!"
Submitted by Aijaz Balkhi
2035. "Love is like the five loaves and the two fishes. It doesn't start to multiply until you give it away."
Submitted by Alias AKA
2036. "Your heart will be broken everyday... if you let it."
Submitted by Alice
2037. "In a hot summer night... would you offer your love to the wolf with the red roses."
Submitted by Alicia Martinez
2038. "You can't begin to learn to love until you learn to learn."
Submitted by Alison
2039. "Love is power granted to those strong enough to weaken."
Submitted by Alison
2040. "There are many fish in the sea but your the only one for me."
Submitted by Alison
2041. "If you really love someone, put a circle around their name, not a heart, because a heart can be broken and a circle goes on forever."
Submitted by Alison
2042. "Love is the feeling of truth in your heart when he says he'll love you forever."
Submitted by Alison
2043. "They say you don't know what you have until it's gone. I say you know exactly what you have until it's gone and then you are free to imagine what you may have had."
Submitted by Alison Marie
2044. "After making love to me for the first time my boyfriend turned to me and said, "now when you look at me you are no longer seeing a seprate person, your seeing a part of yourself."
Submitted by Anonymous
2045. "Hope is the only crop that can grow in any climate."
Submitted by White Knight
2046. "Every day is a new start and a chance to make right what went wrong yesterday."
Submitted by Kyle Schmidt
2047. "Loving someone that doesn't love you is like reaching for a star. You know you'll never reach it but you just got to keep trying."
Submitted by Nikki Harnois
2048. "If you love someone you give everything you can and not expecting on any return."
Submitted by Anonymous
2049. "Love is much like a wild rose: beautiful and calm, but willing to draw blood in its defense."
Submitted by Anonymous
2050. "Love is like a flower, it starts as a bud, then blooms into something beautiful..."
Submitted by Genevieve
2051. "The greatest flower scent in my garden is your heart."
Submitted by Belex
2052. "The tide of love favors those who can swim."
Submitted by White Knight
2053. "Love is like a wolverine, short-sighted and hasty; if it cannot find a way, it will make a way."
Submitted by White Knight
2054. "Love is the re-unification of the two halves of a split soul."
Submitted by Ben
2055. "Cherish your today's, for they will become the yestarday's which can never be brought back."
Submitted by Jacqui
2056. "To live is to love. All the senses are for it, and all reason is against it."
Submitted by Dianna Huerta
2057. "Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall."
Submitted by Ryan Snow
2058. "He that falls in love with himself will have no rivals."
Ben Franklyn
Submitted by Becky
2059. "There is no disguise which can hide love for long where it exists, or simulate it where it does not."
La Rochefoucauld
Submitted by Becky
2060. "There is no remedy for love but to love more."
Thoreau
Submitted by Becky
2061. "Love is not blind - It sees more and not less, but because it sees more, it is willing to see less."
Will Moss
Submitted by Becky
2062. "If I could reach up and hold a star for every time you've made me smile, the entire evening sky would be in the palm of my hand."
Unknown
Submitted by Becky
2063. "When the span of forever just never seems long enough, thats how you know its love."
Deana Carter
Submitted by Kelley
2064. "Its hard to tell your mind to stop loving someone if your heart still does."
Submitted by Kelley
2065. "I can make no apologies for following my heart."
Gavin Rossdale
Submitted by Kelley
2066. "A friend is always good to have, but a lover's kiss is better than angels raining down on me."
Dave Matthews
Submitted by Edwina
2067. "I will give you water if you will share your wine... and I will feed your heart if you promise to feed mine."
Dave Matthews
Submitted by Edwina
2068. "Don't be too shy, knowing it's no big surprise that I will wait for you, I will wait for no one but you... could I love you, could you love me?"
Dave Matthews
Submitted by Edwina
2069. "I remember thinking I'll go on forever only knowing I'll see you again... and I know the touch of you is hard to remember, but like that touch I've known no other."
Dave Matthews
Submitted by Edwina
2070. "You've forgotten how it started; close your eyes, think of all the bubbles of love we made."
Natalie Imbruglia
Submitted by Edwina
2071. "I'm pushing zero, where is my hero? He's out there somewhere, left of the middle."
Natalie Imbruglia
Submitted by Edwina
2072. "Love is like a hunger, a food that is always needed, true love will fill the soul!"
Submitted by Amber B
2073. "One attracts another with the qualities they display, and retains them by the qualities they possess."
Submitted by Anonymous
2074. "Love is a bird, she needs to fly."
Madonna
Submitted by Madi
2075. "Love is the beauty one cannot see. Even though you can't see it, it doesn't mean its not there."
Submitted by Jeff
2076. "People who fall in love shall one day fall out of love too, people who are born in love are in love always and forever."
Submitted by Mark Anthony
2077. "The hardest part of loving someone is knowing when to let go, and knowing when to say goodbye."
Anonymous
2078. "Tomorrow morning when you wake up, and the sun does not appear, I will be here. If in the dark you lose sight of love, hold my hand and have no fear... I will be here."
Anonymous
2079. "Love is like a blazing fire. If you don't respect it, and take it for granted, you'll be burned."
Submitted by Joshua Forsman
2080. "Love is written L-O-V-E, but it spells so much more for so many people."
Submitted by Joshua Forsman
2081. "The love we give away is the only love we keep."
Submitted by Helen
2082. "The love we give away is the only love we keep."
Submitted by Helen
2083. "The way to love anything is to realize that it might be lost."
G. K. Chesterton
Submitted by Brian V. Nielsen
2084. "In the arithmetic of love, one plus one equals everything, and two minus one equals nothing."
Mignon McLaughlin
Submitted by Brian V. Nielsen
2085. "Try to reason about love, and you will lose your reason."
French Proverb
Submitted by Brian V. Nielsen
2086. "Love is like quicksilver in the hand. Leave the fingers open and it stays. Clutch it, and it darts away."
Dorothy Parker
Submitted by Brian V. Nielsen
2087. "To fear love is to fear life, and those who fear life are already three parts dead."
Bertrand Russell
Submitted by Brian V. Nielsen
2088. "Love is a bird with golden wings, who flies into your heart and sings."
Submitted by Kiki
2089. "There's this rose in a garden that I can't part. For you are that rose and the garden is my heart."
Submitted by Colt & Fiji
2090. "Its him, his love that keeps me going."
Submitted by Jomary
2091. "A kiss is its own love story that can only be told by the one receiving it."
Submitted by Jomary
2092. "A kiss is its own love story that can only be told by the one receiving it."
Submitted by Jomary
2093. "Sometimes someone small has a big heart, and has a soul that completes yours, then, you fall in love."
Submitted by Bruce Pastorella
2094. "Love is not only something you feel, it's also something you do."
Submitted by Anonymous
2095. "Life comes and goes but Love will last forever."
Submitted by Ryan
2096. "If love conquers all, and is itself inconquerable, then why let distance separate?"
Submitted by Brandi
2097. "There is one pain I often feel which you will never know because it is caused by the absence of you."
Ashleigh Brilliant
Submitted by Rosie Hart
2098. "You are who you are today because of what you lived yesterday."
Submitted by Katrina Weston
2099. "Love is choosing to live your life to touch someone else's."
Submitted by Anonymous
2100. "A million stars and a million dreams... he is the only star I see and only dream I dream."
Submitted by Anonymous
2101. "True love is when you have to watch a friend leave, with the knowledge that you might never see him again. But you know he'll be in your mind and heart forever..."
Submitted by Anonymous
2102. "So many times I thought I would never find someone to love me the way I needed to be loved. Then you came into my life and showed me what true love really is!"
Submitted by Dezeray
2103. "Your love is like a river, peaceful and deep. Your soul is like a secret that I never could keep. When I look into your eyes I know that it's true. God must have spent a little more time on you."
N'SYNC
Submitted by Gloria
2104. "As night and day phase in and out, so does love unless you shout..."
Submitted by White Knight
2105. "The greater the virtue, the greater the love rewards."
Submitted by Christian
2106. "I close my eyes and see your face, and know that in my heart you've taken your place."
Submitted by Kabo
2107. "Love without pain is unappreciated, for how can you know the value of love if you have not hurt first?"
Submitted by Garfield
2108. "I'll always be there. There when the world and it's promise is failing. There when the frost of it's winter is cursing. There when the tears in your eyes keep on asking me why. I'll always be there."
Roch Voisine
Submitted by Mandy
2109. "I'm so lost without you. Feeling lonely, scared & cold. I'm so lost without you. Tell me baby, when are you coming home?"
Roch Voisine
Submitted by Mandy
2110. "People tell me to never hold what I love in my pocket. I tell them I never do... I hold it on my hands and watch it glow"
Submitted by Guardian Angel
2111. "People tell me to never hold what I love in my pocket. I tell them I never do... I hold it on my hands and watch it glow."
Submitted by Guardian Angel
2112. "Love knows no age, but neither does truth."
Submitted by White Knight
2113. "There are three words that, when meant with all the power of the heart, can change a person more than they ever thought possible: I love you."
Submitted by Brett
2114. "Of all the words of tongue and pen, these are the saddest: It could have been."
Submitted by Anonymous
2115. "I can tell how much you love me just by the look on your face, it's too much to ever express in words, but that look captures it all."
Submitted by Mandy
2116. "I could tell the first time you hugged me that we are meant to be. You hugged me in a way I had never been hugged before and it made feel better than ever."
Submitted by Mandy
2117. "To love and to be loved is to feel the sun from both sides."
Submitted by Anonymous
2118. "It is by chance you met her, by choice you became friends, by fate you became soulmates..."
Submitted by Christian T.M.
2119. "Love is more than a feeling , it is a act. You have to let your heart go free before you can truly feel love."
Submitted by Anonymous
2120. "If you are the dreamer, I am what you dream. But when you want to wake, I am your wish..."
Rainer Maria Rilke
2121. "The human heart has hidden treasures. In secret kept, in silence sealed."
Charlotte Bronte
2122. "When I look into the eyes of my love, I see forever, I see warmth and safety, I see two hearts beating together, for each other, for the rest of our lives."
Submitted by Jay Berg
2123. "Gravitation can not be held responsible for two people falling in love."
Albert Einstein
Submitted by Katharyn Bernard
2124. "Work like you are not working for money, Dance like no one is watching you & Love like you have never been hurt."
Submitted by Anonymous
2125. "Life gives us time but only love gives us meaning."
Submitted by Ryan Dawson
2126. "Love believes in itself and the reflection. That is why it is a crystal clear emotion!"
Submitted by Renga
2127. "Love, so simply said with one syllable, In one swift dance between the tongue and mouth, Harbors indefinite connotations, Complications beyond the imagination."
Submitted by Jeff
2128. "I have 200 sheets of paper in front of me and I still don't have enough room to tell you how much I love you."
Danny Bustillo
Submitted by Cristi Romney
2129. "The past is history, the future's a mystery, and the present is a gift!"
Unknown
Submitted by Cory Elizabeth Lamoureux
2130. "I've acted out my love on stages with ten thousand people watching, but we're alone now and I'm singing this song for you."
Karen Carpenter
Submitted by Melissa
2131. "A soft rain falls gently on my weary eyes, As if to hide a single tear, My life will be forever autumn, Because you're not here"
Moody Blues
Submitted by Terésa M.
2132. "This is the true measure of love, When we believe that we alone can love, That no one could have loved so before us, And that no one will ever love In the same way after us!"
Goethe
Submitted by Terésa M.
2133. "He has achieved success, who has lived well, laughed often and loved much."
Unknown
Submitted by Terésa M.
2134. "To love a person is to learn the song that is in their heart, and to sing it to them when they have forgotten."
Unknown
Submitted by Terésa M.
2135. "Sometimes I just forget, say things I might regret, it breaks my heart to see you crying, I have always needed you, I could never make it alone."
Peter Ceitara
Submitted by Briana Rose
2136. "In life, there are many roads, and there is one known as love. When you come to the end of this road, you have found true love."
Submitted by Katie
2137. "Time will make you forget me but time will make me love you more than before." 
Submitted by Chew Seng Lee
2138. "Take the words 'I love you'. Now multiply them by infinity and take them to the depths of forever and you will still only have a glimpse of how much I really do love you."
Submitted by Anonymous
2139. "No one is too young for love, because love does not come from the mind which knows the age, but from the heart which knows no age!"
Submitted by Anonymous
2140. "Lay your troubles on my shoulder, put your worries in my pocket. Rest your love on me awhile."
BeeGees
Submitted by Emily
2141. "Out on your doorstep I was all butterflies because all of the moonlight in the sky was no match for your eyes."
Mark Kano (of Athenaeum)
Submitted by Melanie
2142. "Out on your doorstep I was all butterflies because all of the moonlight in the sky was no match for your eyes."
Mark Kano (of Athenaeum)
Submitted by Melanie
2143. "How lucky I am to have something that makes saying goodbye so hard."
Unknown
Submitted by Annie
2144. "Love is like the sun: it shines in even the darkest hour!"
Submitted by Annie
2145. "Love is like the sun: it shines in even the darkest hour!"
Submitted by Annie
2146. "When Love enters our life we will let our heart to rule over our mind."
Submitted by Kathleen Mhae Madrid
2147. "A part of you has grown in me, and so you see, its you and me, forever, and never apart - may be in distance but never in heart."
Submitted by Mhec
2148. "In order to truly love, one must realize that love can be lost. Love is infinitely stronger with this realization because it is given nonetheless."
Submitted by Haley Hawk
2149. "When the rain in blowing in your face and the whole world is on your case, I will offer you a warm embrace, to make you feel my love."
Unknown
Submitted by Victoria
2150. "If two people loved each other as much as the world, then they wouldn't let the world get in between them, no matter how far away they were from each other."
Submitted by HuggingBug
2151. "We'll share the stars in the summer night, We'll share the stars in the winter night. One Heart. One Whole. One Love. I Can't live... With or Without you."
U2
Submitted by Lite4love
2152. "Any couple's dream, wished with the same strength, will come true."
Dulce Maria
Submitted by Leonardo Ordorica
2153. "Faults are thick when love is thin."
Jo Petty
Submitted by Samantha
2154. "Anything less than mad, passionate, extraordinary love is a waste of time, there are too many mediocre things in lfe, and love should not be one of them."
Submitted by Anonymous
2155. "Some times a kiss may be needed more than a thousand words."
Submitted by Vanessa
2156. "People won't remember what you did. People won't remember what you said. But, people will remember how you made them feel."
Unknown
Submitted by KC
2157. "Everyone has some magic. You must try to find it."
Submitted by Carlos Anaya
2158. "Love lost leaves another love found."
Submitted by Dawn
2159. "Fate can only take you so far, after that it's up to you. You have to make it happen."
Submitted by Monica
2160. "You say don't fear your dreams, it's easier than it seems. You say you'll never let me fall from hopes so high, but never is a promise and you can't afford to lie."
Fionna Apple
Submitted by Michele Frangione
2161. "Love is inevitable, we just have to look deep in our hearts to find it."
Submitted by Kevin R
2162. "Nothing breaks the silence like a kiss."
Submitted by Zok
2163. "The heart and the soul must bind together to make true love."
Submitted by Steve Nguyen
2164. "Your words mean nothing if they're not from the heart."
Submitted by Steve Nguyen
2165. "The story of love is hello and goodbye... until we meet again."
Jimi Hendrix
Submitted by Becky
2166. "All the qualities I wish I had, my love owns, and all the qualities he wishes he had, I own. We complete each other."
Submitted by Angela
2167. "Love is the one constant in an ever changing universe."
Submitted by Katie
2168. "Love is the one constant in an ever changing universe."
Submitted by Katie
2169. "Time is tireless and my love is endless."
Submitted by Anonymous
2170. "Live is matter of choice but love is love."
Submitted by Anonymous
2171. "Trust is my bridge, confidence is my security and love is my live."
Submitted by Anonymous
2172. "Beauty is a sublime human emotion like the tranquil sound of echoing evergreen valleys... and you are just beautiful!"
Submitted by Amit Dutt
2173. "Judge a man by his questions rather than by his answers."
Voltaire
Submitted by Nantawan Chanprasert
2174. "How do you teach your heart it's a crime to fall in love again?"
Submitted by Anonymous
2175. "Do you know that telling me how much you love my children means more than you telling me how much you love me."
Submitted by Anonymous
2176. "To have somebody is good. To love somebody is priceless."
Submitted by Jon Whisenant
2177. "I'll give you anything you want, anything you ask for. All I want is your love in return."
Submitted by Lindsay
2178. "True love will be remembered by all, yet not all will know of true love."
Submitted by Lindsay
2179. "When you are loved, you know not of why, but only to love in return."
Submitted by Jon
2180. "When you say that you love someone, you're not always right, but when you feel that you love someone, you know that it is true."
Submitted by Jon
2181. "Love is something no quote could describe."
Submitted by Jon
2182. "When you love someone they become a part of you, maybe thats why its hurts so much when you lose someone you love, you lose a part of yourself."
Submitted by Meaghan Owens
2183. "To love another person is to see the face of God."
Alain Boubil
Submitted by Ellie Duplass
2184. "As individuals we are good but together we are the greatest."
Submitted by Matt B
2185. "With each glance into your beautiful eyes, I fall in love over and over again."
Submitted by Ang
2186. "We were initially born as one. At birth a lightning bolt struck us down the middle and split us apart. To the end of the world we were sent, only to find each other when the time was right."
Plato
Submitted by Heather
2187. "Love is like playing the piano. First you must learn to play by the rules, then you must forget the rules and play from your heart."
Submitted by Mary Heather
2188. "The only thing far more important than letting me know how you feel, is showing me how you feel."
Submitted by Jennifer N.
2189. "He may have everything he desires, but he lacks happiness, for one without a friend is without joy."
Submitted by David de Castro
2190. "Love can be only two colors which are black or white. It can't be neither or both. In other words, it can be everything or it can be nothing!"
Submitted by Anonymous
2191. "Love is the feeling you feel when you feel the feeling you have never felt before."
Submitted by Penelope Fintanis
2192. "Love is the essance of human experience and emotion. It is at the root of all and everything we as humans do. Without love, what do we have to live for?"
Submitted by Charity Perry
2193. "Being in love is not half as dangerous as wanting to be in love."
Submitted by Phillip McClelland Ballard
2194. "Love is never what you want it to be. Love is what you make it to be."
Submitted by White Knight
2195. "Love is only as strong as the one that submits to it."
Submitted by James Johnson
2196. "When I looked into your eyes, I saw love. Now when I look at myself, I see the love you left me."
Submitted by Catherine
2197. "Love is looking into their eyes and being able to feel them, without a word they say just the right thing."
Submitted by Joshua Moore
2198. "Love is a women's eye that is soft and frail at times, but still able to break any barrier with only a blink."
Submitted by White Knight
2199. "Love does not change its mind, only infatuation does that."
Submitted by White Knight
2200. "Love is the last great mystery of life."
Submitted by Natalie Thurston
2201. "With love you never feel alone, or left empty. There is always the warmth of tranquility and well-being."
Submitted by Joe Lencioni
2202. "There is a thing as fate but it only takes you so far and once your there it is up to you to make it happen."
From The Movie "Can't Hardly Wait" 
Submitted by GiaMarie
2203. "The heart holds truths that words can only hint at."
Author Unknown
Submitted by Jason Palmlund
2204. "He is no fool who gives up what he cannot keep, to gain what he cannot lose."
Jim Elliott
Submitted by Cindy
2205. "Just because they don't love you the way you want doesn't mean they don't love you with their all."
Submitted by Cindy
2206. "Love is like air, you cannot see it, however you can feel it. Sometimes it can create great turbulence and other times it is so calm you question it's reality."
Submitted by Lydia M. Vallejos
2207. "Love isn't just 'at the moment' it's forever."
Submitted by Anonymous
2208. "The dreams of yesterday are todays goals and tomorrows successes."
Submitted by L. M. Martin
2209. "Reflection is a learning tool of the past to enlighten you on the future."
Submitted by L. M. Martin
2210. "I respect, admire and adore her, for she is my love, my life, one day my wife and mother to my children."
Submitted by Sal
2211. "Maybe the journey is tough and maybe I've given up the fight but the spirit is still alive and the spark was never snuffed..."
Submitted by TingTing
2212. "You can't make someone fall in love with you... it just simply has to happen."
Wayne from the T.V. series "The Wonder Years"
Submitted by TingTing
2213. "I love you because I am sensitive to touch and you have touched my heart!"
Submitted by Jesenia Fernandez
2214. "Anyone can make of fool of themselves, but not everyone can go up to a person and tell them that they love them."
Submitted by Anonymous
2215. "Many people come and go through the doors of our lives, taking what they need and giving what they can. Our moments were only seconds of a lifetime but enough to warm the heart."
George C. Betts
Submitted by Shanna
2216. "Away from the eyes, away from the heart."
Submitted by Anonymous
2217. "Sometimes love is greatest when words are fewest."
Submitted by Anonymous
2218. "A thought is wasted if not shared."
Submitted by Wendy Nothnagel
2219. "Love is not a sacrifice given to anyone, but a real pleasure given to the most special person."
Submitted by Rayz
2220. "Love is a light that shines from heart to heart."
John Denver
Submitted by Kay
2221. "What I need to live is given to me by the earth, but what I need to live for is given to me by you."
Submitted by Gabriella
2222. "And with no place to hide, I looked in your eyes and I found myself in you."
Willie Nelson
Submitted by Caroline
2223. "When you give someone your heart, you're giving them your life; When you give someone your soul, you're giving them 'forever'."
Submitted by Heather Smith
2224. "He who bends to himself a joy doth the winged life destroy; but he who kisses the joy as it flies, lives in eternity's sunrise."
Author Unknown
Submitted by Breeanne
2225. "Absence lessens half-hearted passions, and increases great ones, as the wind puts out candles and yet stirs up the fire."
Duc de la Rouchefoucauld
Submitted by Jeannie S.
2226. "Twice or thrice had I loved thee before I knew thy face or name, so in a voice, so in a shapeless flame, angels affect us oft, and worshipped be."
John Donne
Submitted by Jeannie S.
2227. "The first kiss is the beginning of the song of life."
Submitted by Anonymous
2228. "The first kiss is the beginning of the song of life. It is uttered by four lips proclaiming the heart as throne and love as a king. It is the first flower at the tip of the branch of the tree of life."
Submitted by Anonymous
2229. "A thousand years to a steadfast heart is but a day."
From the movie "Sleeping Beauty"
Submitted by Anonymous
2230. "To be loved you must be able to love. Open your heart up to the world and it is amazing what you will find."
Submitted by Michael Zarko
2231. "All my life I have been searching for TRUE MAGIC, but you were right here beside me the whole time."
From the movie "Houdini"
Submitted by Katie
2232. "Love is when you have bad day, but then you see the one you love, everything sees ok."
Submitted by Jessica Stahl
2233. "Love is when you have had a bad day, but when you see the one you love, everything seems ok."
Submitted by Jessica Stahl
2234. "Love is learning to put your pride aside and letting your heart lead the way to both of your happiness."
Submitted by Miranda
2235. "The sweetest sound of all is that of my own name spoken by someone I care about."
Author Unknown
2236. "Love is like an hourglass, with the heart filling up as the brain empties."
Author Unknown
2237. "The magic of first love is our ignorance that it can never end."
Author Unknown
2238. "The mistake we make is when we seek to be loved, instead of loving. What makes us cowardly is the fear of losing that love."
Author Unknown
2239. "I'll think of another way to get him back. After all tomorrow is another day."
From the movie "Gone With The Wind"
2240. "The way to love anything is to realize it might be lost."
Author Unknown
2241. "Two souls with but a single thought, two hearts that beat as one."
Author Unknown
2242. "Love doesn't sit there like a stone. It has to be made like bread and remade all the time, like new."
Author Unknown
2243. "From the moment I saw her, I knew we had a future."
Submitted by Michael
2244. "To be truly in love is doing something for your partner with nothing but love in your heart and all you want in return is the smile on their face."
Submitted by John J. Dazzo
2245. "My love for you is so timeless. It's deeper than the depth of emotion."
Submitted by Dezeray
2246. "Spare a smile, or even a hug, if you shall not share your love."
Submitted by Paula
2247. "You're my star and when I'm far, you're not alone cause your heart's my home."
Submitted by Lenny Kravitz
2248. "Let the love you feel in your heart release the tension in your soul."
Submitted by Anonymous
2249. "Right when you think you don't need love is when you need it most."
Bryan Adams
Submitted by Linda
2250. "Nothing spoils the taste of peanut butter like unrequitted love."
Charlie Brown
Submitted by Linz
2251. "You know what's weird? Day by day nothing seems to change, but pretty soon everything is different."
Author Unknown
2252. "There's no real meaning to love. Its just something you feel in your heart."
Author Unknown
2253. "It takes 3 seconds to say I love you, but it takes an eternity to show it."
Author Unknown
2254. "If I never met you, I wouldn't like you. If I didn't like you I wouldn't love you. If I didn't love you I wouldn't miss you, but I did, I do and I will."
Submitted by Anonymous
2255. "The only thing that separates me from love is the fear of falling out of it."
Submitted by Anonymous
2256. "Love is like Heaven...The most beautiful thing that many haven't experienced."
Submitted by Anonymous
2257. "Love may last for just a moment but memory can make that moment last forever..."
Submitted by Florylene Sajulga
2258. "Arguing is a waste of time but making up is oh so sweet."
Submitted by John Dazzo
2256. "Don't worry where your mate is. The heart can travel a long distance."
Submitted by Chris
2257. "Not much can conquer the power of one's heart."
Submitted by Chris
2258. "A hug is like a boomerang because you get it right back."
Submitted by Linz
2259. "And through the rough roads you will find your shining star."
Submitted by Joe Black
2260. "When I can't be with you,...I touch you with my thoughts."
Submitted by Anonymous
2261. "Strange how laughter looks like crying with no sound & how raindrops taste like tears without pain."
Author Unknown
Submitted by Dezeray
2262. "You have not truly lived your life, until you've shared the depths of it with some one you love."
Submitted by Elka Lenore
2263. "You say you'll give me a highway with no one on it, a treasure just to look upon it, all the riches of the night. You say you'll give me eyes in a moment of blindness, a river in a time of dryness, a harbor in the tempest... But all I want is you."
U2
Submitted by Emily
2264. "And now, I'm glad I didn't know the way it all would end, the way it all would go. Our lives are better left to chance, I could've missed the pain, but I'd have had to miss the Dance."
Garth Brooks
Submitted by Emily
2265. "If it was a drink, it would be a strong one. If it was a sad song, it would be a long one. If it was a color, it would be deep, deep blue. But if we're talking bout heartache, it would be you."
Clay Walker
Submitted by Emily
2266. "It takes everything to gain one thing, yet it only takes one thing to loose everything!"
Submitted by Michelle A J Lacey
2267. "Your love is the greatest gift I could hope to receive..."
Tina Arena
Submitted by Sandra H.
2268. "You are never too young to love, nor are you ever too old. You find love when it is the right time! Only the heart knows when!"
Submitted by Shauna
2269. "Love is like a roller coaster there's always going to be a huge line but in the end it's worth the wait."
Submitted by Lindsey
2270. "Take me back into the arms I love. Need me like you did before. Touch me once again and remember when there was no one that you wanted more."
Celine Dion
2271. "What is wisdom without learning? What is receiving without giving? What is living without loving?"
Submitted by Lacey
2272. "I think you're truly something special. Just what my dreams are really made of"
Submitted by Anonymous
2273. "Never thought that love could feel like this and you changed my world with just one kiss, how can it be that right here with me there's an angel?"
NSYNC
Submitted by Jennifer
2274. "Trust is when time and love see forever, together."
Submitted by Clint DeZeeuw
2275. "Sleep in comfort, build your dreams. Wake with them fresh in mind. Tonight you'll drift away again. And more dreams there you'll find."
Submitted by Dezeray
2276. "Losing love is the heart's way of making you feel something... even if all you feel is pain!"
Submitted by Jesenia Fernandez
2277. "I could never regret loving you because although you don't love me anymore, I know that you once did and that is the most wonderful feeling because I never thought that I deserved your love."
Submitted by Jesenia Fernandez
2278. "Love is to feel what the other is feeling even if they are far away."
Barak
Submitted by Ana
2279. "It's confusing and perplexing and painful and insecure and blind and difficult and cunning and free yet we all want to love because it's such a gift to be able to."
Barak
Submitted by Jesenia Fernandez
2280. "Just when you think you've got it all figured out, you do the dumbest thing you possibly could... you fall in love."
Barak
Submitted by Jesenia Fernandez
2281. "Love is a tender rose; when properly nourished, it becomes sturdy and enduring, but neglected it will wither and die..."
Barak
Submitted by Kitty
2282. "I wonder if she makes him smile the way he used to smile at me? I hope she doesn't make him laugh, because his laugh belongs to me."
Barak
Toni Braxton
2283. "If every word I said could make you smile, I'd talk forever."
Unknown
2284. "My wish is not to mean everything to everyone, but to mean something to someone."
Unknown
2284. "When the tears are on the outside, the healing's on the inside."
Unknown
2285. "Smile--for its the second best thing you can do with your lips."
Unknown
2286. "Love is for you to create... you can shape it, mold it, into something beautiful, or you can smother it, kill it... watch it whither away."
Submitted by Holly Johnson
2287. "I am as close to you as the air on you skin,and you fill my heart like sunshine in a forest."
Submitted by Garnett Deines
2288. "A person can be in love with someone forever till the end of time. But if that person doesn't tell or show the feelings of love, it will be just another person living in a dream, lost of true love."
Submitted by Bunty
2289. "Saying 3 words: "I love you" sounds easy, but it's not saying the words that really count, it's saying them from the heart that matters."
Submitted by Bunty
2290. "Only a person who has not felt true love can move on in life saying 'There are lots of other fish in the sea.'"
Submitted by Bunty
2291. "Lucky people experience love once; Gifted people find love for life. Blessed people found love for eternity."
Submitted by Karen Vuong
2292. "Love is a gift not a privilege you need to understand; Love is a gift you give each other, not just holding hands."
Submitted by Aurora Venisse
2293. "The only magic in this world in the magic of 2 hearts falling in love... no other "claim to fame" is magic... it is just make-believe."
Submitted by GraCey MaRie
2294. "Love is a funny thing, you can find it, lose it, or search for it all your life."
Submitted by John
2295. "True love only comes once in a life time, so take it as it goes and enjoy every bit of it while it is still burning strong."
Submitted by Janine
2296. "Without you, I have nothing. But with you, I have everything."
Submitted by Tony
2297. "Across my heart I had written 'No Thoroughfare'; But your love came laughing by and said "I enter everywhere!'"
Submitted by Pranav
2298. "When looking for love, don't be selfish and look just to be loved, look for love to give all the love you have. Only then can you find love."
Submitted by Kelsie
2299. "Love is the every beat of my heart, every turn of my head, and every step of my life. Love is a feeling like no other."
Submitted by Lane
2300. " I love you in big ways, I love you in small ways. I love you this minute, I love you always..."
Submitted by Fawna
2301. "Telling someone how you feel doesn't hurt as much as not saying anything at all to that someone who is deeply in-love with you."
Submitted by Anonymous
2302. "If equal affection cannot be, let the more loving one be me."
Submitted by Anonymous
2303. "Any fool can love somebody who's perfect, somebody who does everything right. But that doesn't stretch your soul. Your soul only gets stretched when you can still love somebody after they've hurt you."
Author Unknown
Submitted by Christine Lee
2304. "If the winds were to whisper their greatest words from now until eternity, they still wouldn't describe your outstanding beauty."
Submitted by Chris
2305. "I can live without any friends, any family and any money but I can't live without you."
Submitted by Ya Lin
2306. "When my heart first touched hers a warmth filled me, one of which burned in my soul for ever from that day."
Submitted by Jon
2307. "If I die never having loved, then I die never having lived."
Submitted by Lori-Ann B.
2308. "I am forever holding you in my heart, and there and there only will I never let go."
Submitted by Sarah
2309. "I never felt true love until I was with you, and I never felt true sadness until you left me."
Submitted by Terron
2310. "Cherish love when you find it... for even as it ascends to your heights and caresses your tender branches... so shall it descend to your roots and shake them."
Submitted by Anonymous
2311. "If you love someone, you should not only tell them, you should also show them."
Submitted by Arianne Torres
2312. "Love is when you sleep at night with him in your thoughts and greet mornings with him in your thoughts again."
Submitted by Jeanie Ann
2313. "Love is essentially a gift of oneself to another."
Submitted by Peter Paul A. Soliva
2314. "It's friends that become the deepest love. It's like one day someone flicks a switch and you wake up and your best friend becomes the person you could never live without!"
Submitted by Megan
2315. "The entire sum of existence is the magic of being needed by just one person"
Vii Putnam
2316. "My heart longs for you, my soul dies for you, my eyes cry for you, my empty arms reach out for you."
Author Unknown
Submitted by Katie
2317. "If I can learn to forgive and forget then life can go on. If I can not than I shall die being in love with someone beyond my reach."
Submitted by Melinda J. Setting
2318. "I'll sweep you off your feet, and make God regret he left an angel behind."
Submitted by Allan Chan
2319. "I've learned that trust takes years to build, but mere seconds to destroy. And then it's going to take you even longer to rebuild it"
Submitted by Anonymous
2320. "Love is finding that 'single most important being to ever grace my existance.'"
From the TV Series, 'Dawson's Creek'
Submitted by Anonymous
2321. "Its nice to be important but it's more important to be nice."
Archana Premnath
Submitted by Sanjeev Vijayan
2322. "Love is perhaps the only glimpse we are permitted of eternity."
Helen Hayes
Submitted by Anonymous
2323. "Without you in my life, the light in my soul grows dark and gloomy."
Submitted by Tin
2324. "All the love that history knows is said to be in every rose. Yet all the love that could be found in two, is less than what I feel for you."
Author Unknown
Submitted by Erin Oberist
2325. "Hold on to the one you love without actually holding on."
Submitted by Max
2326. "My husband asked me to marry him on Valentine's Day and inside his wedding ring I had this inscribed, 'My One & Only Valentine.'"
Submitted by Alice
2327. "And I don't regret the rain, or the nights I felt the pain, or the tears I had to cry some of those times along the way. Every road I had to take, every time my heart would break; it was just something that I had to get through, to get me to you."
From the Hope Floats soundtrack, "To Get Me To You"
Submitted by Cristin 
2328. "If the people we love are stolen from us, the way to have them live on is to remember them. Buildings burn, people die, but real love is forever."
From the Movie,"The Crow"
Submitted by Giovanna Valdivieso
2329. "Dancing is just two people communicating... talk to me!"
Harry Conick Jr. in the movie, "Hope Floats"
Submitted by Joannie Knight 
2330. "Where the heart is willing, it will find a thousand ways; where it is unwilling, it will find a thousand excuses."
Arlen Price
Submitted by Cyndie Ducore
2331. "Love dictates, but a kiss writes the secrets to the heart!"
Submitted by Nicole Vance Hack
2332. "Don't clip my wings, I want to fly. Don't hide me from the world, I want to see and do. Don't treat me like a trophy that gets dusty over time. Let me live, learn, and ah, yes, even love!"
Submitted by Ryanne
2333. "A relationship needs two mutual parts or the one will give the other a broken heart."
Submitted by Jeremiah Siejak
2334. "Life is only worth living once you've found something worth dying for."
Submitted by Anonymous
2335. "Trip over love, you can get up. Fall in love, you'll fall forever."
Submitted by Angeligue
2336. "If you love someone go for it and take the chance. They might turn out to be the love of your life."
Submitted by Julianne
2337. "If the only place where I could see you was in my dreams, I'd sleep forever."
Submitted by Lee
2338. "If you feel like you're only here to live for somebody else, then you're not really living at all. You need to first live for yourself."
Submitted by Rene
2339. "Love is a mysterious thing, only if your heart is free and you mind is clear will you understand love."
Submitted by Steven Timmons
2340. "Love is like a rose: when you have it in your grasp, you have to bare the thorns."
Submitted by Stargazr47
2341. "Trying to put into words how much I love you would only lessen the meaning of them."
Submitted by Tracy
2342. "Once you find Your true love,your heart will know it because it will always leave a feeling inside of you that never goes away."
Submitted by Brooke
2343. "Just the thought of being with you tomorrow, is enough to get me through today."
Submitted by Anonymous
2344. "The definition of love is: To have a deep and tender feeling of fondness and devotion... The feeling of love is undefinable."
Submitted by Cristy
2345. "Its been too many nights of being with, to now suddenly be without."
Jewel
Submitted by Cristy
2346. "You can't make a heart love somebody, you can lead a heart to love but you can't make it fall."
Author Unknown
Submitted by Jennifer
2347. "Keep in mind we're under the same skies and the nights as empty for me, as for you. If you feel you can't wait till morning, kiss the rain."
Killie Myers
Submitted by Dezeray
2348. "Have you ever just completely given up on someone and then, something happens and you go, 'Oh my God, there is so much more to this person then I had ever dreamed?'"
Author Unknown
Submitted by Sarah
2349. "For twas not into my ear you whispered but into my heart. Twas not my lips you kissed, but my soul."
Judy Garland
Submitted by Maria
2350. "Friendship is not an occasional desire, but a lifetime dedication."
Submitted by Anonymous
2351. "Having a conversation with a woman is just talking.Having a conversation with her soul is to kiss her heart."
Submitted by Angela
2352. "If your heart gets broken by the one you truly love, don't let go of the love for the person but let go of the person!"
Submitted by Sara B.
2353. "To love for the sake of being loved is human, to love for the sake of loving is angelic."
Alphonsede Lamartine
Submitted by Erin Johnson
2354. "Love ever gives-forgives-outlives and ever stands with open hands. And while it lives, it gives. For this is love's prerogative - to give and give and give."
John Oxenham
Submitted by Erin Johnson
2355. "She left me at Sears... and I cried all the way to Wallgreens."
Don Johnson, 'Miami Vice'
2356. "A real friend will catch your tears when they trickle down your face."
Submitted by Dezeray
2357. "Love is a word that can build and burn bridges to the soul."
Submitted by B. Brown
2358. "People come and go in our lives and as they do they leave behind gifts; gifts of love and happiness that last beyond our own lives and on into eternity."
Submitted by Anonymous
2359. "When you love someone, you're always insecure."
Billy Joel
Submitted by Kristy
2360. "I've learned that you cannot make someone love you. All you can do is be someone who can be loved. The rest is up to them."
Author Unknown
Submitted by Kristy
2361. "True love cannot be found where it does not exist nor can it be hidden where it truly does."
Author Unknown
Submitted by Kelly Garofalo
2362. "The most painful pain one can ever feel comes from love and yet no one wants to live without it."
Submitted by Anonymous
2363. "It is only with the heart that one can see rightly; what is essential is invisible to the eye."
Antione dE St. Exupéry
Submitted by Angel
2364. "You have the key to my heart baby. No one is coming inside my world but you."
Submitted by Dezeray
2365. "With a kiss I'll say goodbye and with tears in my eyes, I speak the words of forgiveness waiting to be yours at the right time!"
Submitted by Liezl M. Humarang
2366. "Love is neither fair or sincere if you're just going through the motions."
Submitted by Sara
2367. "Love looks through a telescope, jealousy looks through a microscope."
Submitted by Dinah
2368. "Little space is the cause of claustrophobia, a lot of space is the recipe for loneliness."
Submitted by Destino
2369. "You burned me with your brightness, like baby stars, and now I am forever branded with your love."
Submitted by Destino
2370. "When you can't stop thinking about him and dreaming about him, when you see his face everywhere you go and hear his sweet voice call your name over and over... What can I tell you, my friend? This is called love."
Submitted by Anonymous
2371. "You are the stars in my wishing sky and I will wish on them every night you and I are apart, until we are together again."
Submitted by Carrie deMarche'
2372. "When I kiss your sweet lips I feel as though the world is at my fingertips."
Submitted by Jamie
2373. "Kiss me and you shall see stars, love me and I'll give them to you."
Submitted by Jena
2374. "Love is like a puzzle; it takes time to find the perfect match."
Submitted by Rowena Salvador
2375. "Memories of love, bring us to the past, but it's not easy to understand that we need to be in the present to love."
Submitted by Lila
2376. "I love her, that is all I can say. I cannot find the words to do justice the rest of my feelings."
Submitted by Rhett Despeaux
2377. "Love is a two way street, it can't survive with only one person's love - no matter how strong that love is."
Submitted by Todd Gilbert
2378. "I doubted I could believe in something I couldn't see, I couldn't see love or trust."
C. Ramoska
Submitted by Adam St. Clair
2379. "The most beautiful discovery true friends can make, is that they can grow separately without growing apart."
Submitted by Georgi
2380. "In time, there is nothing wrong with completely and utterly falling for someone extraordinary. As long as that extraordinary someone is there to catch you when you do."
Submitted by Jag
2381. "In the arithmetic of love, one plus one equals everything, and two minus one equals nothing."
Submitted by Lacy Zemaitis
2382. "No matter how painful your past love life is, be brave and smile, look forward to tomorrow, someone is out there waiting for you."
Submitted by Vyan Del Prado
2383. "Relationships are like cooking. You have to experiment with different ingredients before you get the perfect recipe."
Submitted by Tom
2384. "When you experience love for the first time, real love, you live a new life; one that you never knew existed before."
Submitted by Teresa Reep
2385. "The sparkle in his eyes leads me down paths my feet have never walked before."
Submitted by Kristie
2386. "The sparkle in his eyes leads me down paths my feet have never walked before."
Submitted by Kristie
2387. "I like not only to be loved, but to be told that I am loved."
George Elliot
Submitted by Kristen Forcht
2388. "Even if your love doesn't fill up my days any longer, my soul is still a prisoner of the abyss of your eyes."
Author Unknown
2389. "Love breathes when you're out of breath. Love sits by the bedside when you're near to death. And love still feels it when the feeling is gone. Love lives on and on."
Bryan White
Submitted by Jessica
2390. "Love is a fruit in every season, at all times, and within reach of every hand."
Mother Theresa
Submitted by Ashley
2391. "Love is a fruit in every season, at all times, and within reach of every hand."
Mother Theresa
Submitted by Ashley
2392. "We see a lot of things, but none of that matters if we lose sight of what we want."
Submitted by Linz
2393. "When you look in my eyes please know my heart is in your hands. It's nothing that I understand but when I'm in your arms you have complete power over me."
Jewel
Submitted by Anne
2394. "Love the magician knows this little trick, where two people walk in different directions... Yet always remain side by side!"
Submitted by Anonymous
2395. "Every little girl knows about love. It is only her capacity to suffer because of it that increases."
Francoise Sagan
Submitted by Princess Abby
2396. "I looked at you looking at me, now I know why they say the best things are free."
Monica from the song, 'Angel of Mine'
Submitted by Christy
2397. "Love is the everlasting power of emotions that one person has for the other. And no matter what that person says, that power is forever."
Submitted by Chantal Davis
2398. "Telling you how much I love you, is like trying to capture a shooting star... impossible!"
Submitted by Dezeray
2399. "True secret of love - Never demand, always give."
Submitted by Shaleen
2400. "Love is like a beautiful sunset - you enjoy every minute of it, but when it finally disappears, you long for it to return again."
Submitted by Simon Coong
2401. "Our love will survive the space between us... No distance can alter our feelings for each other... For we're truly in Love..."
Submitted by Anonymous
2402. "They say the eyes are our windows to our souls, but I know when I look into your eyes, I will see a reflection of myself."
Submitted by Michi
2403. "True love should never die.When it does..then you realize it was all a lie."
Submitted by VikashGH
2404. "Trust is hard to gain but harder to keep."
Submitted by Anonymous
2405. "Our heart is the driving force in our life and the mind is the brake."
Submitted by Susan Pessarra
2406. "A life without love, is like an angel without wings."
Submitted by Angelxamore
2407. "I LOVE YOU - Within these three words lies the depth and passion of a lifetime."
Submitted by GQ
2408. "If you want him to fall head over heels, give him something to trip over! "
Submitted by Jessica
2409. "The difference between physical attraction and love is the ability to see the same person at their best and at their worst and still desire them without one false step."
Submitted by Adam Chamness
2410. "When you're looking for love, you don't find it. When you aren't, love finds you."
Submitted by Anonymous
2411. "If you can't love me at my worst, you don't need me at my best."
Submitted by Demetrius Ford
2412. "Distance can never undo the love of two hearts."
Submitted by Fabian Aird
2413. "Love is the softest thing to touch my heart and you are the softest to me."
Submitted by Natalie Kiely
2414. "I may not get to see you as often as I'd like. I may not get to hold you in my arms all through the night. But deep inside my heart I know, this is for real and no matter what, I'll always love you."
Submitted by Blondie
2415. "When I first saw you, I saw love. And the first time you touched me, I felt love And after all this time, you're still the one I love."
Author Unknown
2416. "I may not get to see you as often as I'd like. I may not get to hold you in my arms all through the night. But deep inside my heart I know, this is for real and no matter what, I'll always love you."
Submitted by Blondie
2417. "I cross my heart and promise to, give all I've got to give to make all your dreams come true. In all the world, you'll never find, a love as true as mine."
George Strait's 
Submitted by Jenni Oaks
2418. "Love is a state of mind which has nothing to do with the mind."
Submitted by Leander
2419. "When you say that you love me, more than anybody, than anyone's ever been loved before, no matter how much you love me, baby I still love you more."
Trisha Yearwood
Submitted by Jenni Oaks
2420. "I know somebody, they cry for you. They lie awake at night and dream of you. I bet you never even know they do, but somebody's crying."
Chris Isaac
Submitted by Amy Smith
2421. "I forgot how to see...until your eyes met mine..."
Submitted by Heather Stoop
2422. "Friends are the roses of life... pick them carefully and avoid the thorns!"
Submitted by Angela
2423. "It takes three seconds to say I love you, three minutes to explain it and a lifetime to learn it."
Submitted by Angelina
2424. "The beginning is usually scary, the end is usually hard, but its what's in the middle that counts and you just gotta wait for hope to float up"
From the movie: Hope Floats
Submitted by Amber
2425. "Do you believe in life after love? I can feel something inside me say I really don't think your strong enough."
Cher
Submitted by Amber
2426. "What you feel is what you are and what you are is beautiful."
Goo Goo Dolls, Slide
Submitted by Sarah
2427. "True love is a destiny, the kind that is unexpected and the type that one cannot run away from."
Submitted by Rifie G
2428. "Love knows no boundaries. It constantly perseveres in all kinds of weather."
Submitted by Rifie G
2429. "You can fall in love in an instant. It's letting go that takes time."
Submitted by Cute
2430. "The sweetest of dreams come true with you in my heart."
Submitted by Indestructo
2431. "Late at night when all the world is sleeping, I stay up and think of you. And I wish on a star, that somewhere you are thinking of me too"
Selena--"Dreaming of You"
2432. "And there's no where in the world I'd rather be, than here in my room dreaming about you and me."
Selena--"Dreaming of You"
2433. "Love is when you are kept awake at night with thoughts of him... and when sleep finally finds you, he is waiting there in your dreams."
Submitted by Sarah
2434. "Sometimes in love you must accept the fact that what makes the person you cared about happy might on the other hand leave you so lonely."
Submitted by Sweetsted
2435. "We all have two parts. Its our destiny to find the other one, to finally be whole and complete."
Submitted by Darley Lazarre
2436. "Lead your heart to many opportunities but don't let everyone and anyone hold the KEY."
Submitted by Darley Lazarre
2437. "Life is like a book, some chapters are closed and some are not meant to be finished."
Submitted by Darley Lazarre
2438. "Love is a whisper in the wind, the beat of a song and the intensity of a summer night that adds up to a glorious explosion of everything wonderful."
Submitted by Keela Gilchrist
2439. "Let your mind be the voice and your heart be the reason."
Submitted by Anonymous
2440. "True love cannot be confessed, only expressed."
Submitted by Wiley Warner
2441. "If your name was a prayer, I'd be in heaven by now."
Submitted by Nicholas Hans Pascetta
2442. "Follow your mind and be smart, follow your heart and be happy."
Submitted by Mixie
2443. "For long you'll live and high you'll fly, smiles you'll give and tears you'll cry. All you touch and all you see is all your life will ever be."
Submitted by Anonymous
2444. "Remember me with smiles and laughter, for that's how I'll remember all of you."
Submitted by Anonymous
2445. "When in life and love, reach for the moon. Even if you miss you will land among the stars."
Submitted by Priscilla
2446. "People say true friends must always hold hands, but true friends don't need to hold hands because they know the other hand will always be there."
Submitted by Jen
2447. "If there were an image to go with the word perfection, it would be a portrait of you."
Submitted by Danielle
2448. "I own your heart. You own mine. Within the beauty of our love we are spirits entwined!"
Submitted by Catherine Valdez
2449. "You know it is love when you look into your partners eyes and you can see your destiny staring back and then you realize that all rainbows make lullaby dreams come true."
Submitted by Breck Pribyl
2450. "I love thee with all the breath, smiles and tears of all my life."
Elizabeth Barret Browning
Submitted by Breck Pribyl
2451. "I love thee with all thy breath, smiles, tears of all my life."
Elizabeth Barret Browning
2452. "Give me my Romeo, and when I shall die Take him and cut him out in little stars, And he will make the face of heaven so fine That all the world will be in love with night and pay no worship to the garish sun."
Shakespeare
2453. "What lies behind us and what lies before us are are tiny matters compared to what lies within us." 
Ralph Emerson
Submitted by Joseph Lynch
2454. "A house is made with walls and beams; a home is built with love and dreams." 
Ralph Emerson
Submitted by Joseph Lynch
2455. "My new philosophy on love is that, no one can tell you what it is or what it means, but rather that you just know you are." 
Submitted by Ryan Isaak
2456. "True love is like a butterfly, once you set it free, it is hard to recapture." 
Submitted by nAdEeyA`
2457. "I don't know what brought us together, What strange forces of nature conspired to construct the present from the past. I'm reminded that what I feel for you remains strong and true, Long after the pleasures of the flesh." 
Alan Jackson
Submitted by Jessica
2458. "Between the idea and the reality, Between the motion and the act, Falls the shadow." 
Author Unknown
Submitted by Jessica
2459. "True love is not two souls coming together, but one soul finally finding it's other half." 
Submitted by Anonymous
2460. "Love doesn't harm or hurt... if you're in a relationship that someone is causing you pain or to hurt it isn't love!" 
Submitted by Ashley Sandlin
2461. "Where love reigns the impossible may be attained." 
Indian Proverb
Submitted by Lourdes
2462. "Hold fast your dreams within your heart keep one still secret spot, where dreams may go and sheltered so; may thrive and grow where doubt and fear are not, oh keep a place apart within your heart for little dreams to go." 
Author Unknown
Submitted by Jessica
2463. "Wise men say, only fools rush in. But I can't help falling in love with you!" 
Elvis Presley
Submitted by Weneklek
2464. "You know you are truly in love when you can have a miserable day, and still go to bed with a smile on your face." 
Submitted by Anonymous
2465. "Love is when your hearts locked up, and someone holds the key!" 
Submitted by Brandon Lam
2466. "If love doesn't come your way, don't wait for it, but instead go out and find it." 
Submitted by Chad Yamamoto
2467. "Love is like a diamond. it's only beautiful if you shape it." 
Submitted by Robbie Eiford
2468. "Love is a whisper in the wind the beat of a song and the intensity of a summer night that adds up to a glorious explosion of everything wonderful." 
Submitted by Keela
2469. "Love is a whisper in the wind, the beat of a song and the intensity of a summer night that adds up to a glorious explosion of everything wonderful." 
Submitted by Keela
2470. "Two hearts, one soul, dancing in the night, dancing in the day, never skips a note, never skips a beat, just goes on and on forever." 
Submitted by Natalie S. Bock
2471. "Love whispers not into the ear, but into the heart and soul of you." 
Submitted by Natalie S. Bock
2472. "If I could hold a star for every time you've made me smile, the entire evening sky would be in the palm of my hand." 
Submitted by Christina
2473. "If we believed in love, we wouldn't worry about the problems of tomorrow, there'd be a strength inside of us to last the rest of our lives, we'd never break away, never let go." 
Julian Lennon
Submitted by Pat
2474. "The intimacy between a man and a woman is what keeps the word sane." 
Submitted by Howard Atkinson
2475. "It only takes three words to show the object of your affection how much he/she means to you. Those words are: 'I love you.' Simple truths are the most profound ones." 
Submitted by Edward Brown
2476. "You loved then you failed, you loved and got rejected, you loved but you lost! With all these failures you still can't stop yourself from loving... because our lives depend on it." 
Submitted by Debz
2477. "When you love, don't give your all, but give your best. It's not quantity after all, it's quality." 
Submitted by Beegee
2478. "Love is letting yourself go and knowing the person you love is there to catch you." 
Submitted by Jenny
2479. "Love re-invents you to become a better person, a person who grows in all aspects." 
Submitted by Marx
2480. "Love is letting go and receiving again." 
Submitted by Marx
2481. "I find love in you, I find life in you. When we find love in each other we will never die." 
Submitted by Marx
2482. "Sometimes, some things are better left unsaid. The depth, the meaning, of each muted words were much more heard and deeply held." 
Submitted by L.Christopher Rosete II
2483. "It was no accident me finding you. Someone else had a hand in long before we ever knew." 
Author Unknown
Submitted by Dezeray
2484. "If you have built castles the air, your work need not be lost; that is where they should be. Now put the foundation under them." 
Henry David Thoreau
Submitted by Dezeray
2485. "The day I fell in love with myself was the day I truly started loving you. I didn't know it could be this wonderful." 
Submitted by Brandie
2486. "I bet there are as many stars as there are people on earth. I guess I found my lucky star!" 
Submitted by Warren
2487. "The heart that loves is always young." 
Submitted by Dezeray
2488. "To love something is to need it for your well-being. To truly love something is to need it for your existence." 
Submitted by Lachlan Alexander McAdam
2489. "Since you are my sunshine and I am your raindrop, together we can create an everlasting rainbow of love." 
Submitted by Rachel
2490. "To have found love is to be complete; for you are no longer in search of that missing part of yourself." 
Submitted by Lucius
2491. "The thought of being without you feels like my heart is being ripped from my body."
Author Unknown
Submitted by Sill
2492. "You are my first star at night and I'd be lost in space without you."
Lighthouse Family
Submitted by Tracey
2493. "It's going to take a lifetime to give you all this love!"
R. Kelly
Submitted by Shannon
2494. "The problems in your relationship are not to destroy you, They are to make you learn to be a better person."
Submitted by Luis Martinez
2495. "Find yourself and you will find your true love. Its out there waiting you just need to know how."
Submitted by Luis Martinez
2496. "If the eyes are windows to the soul then a kiss is the best way to taste it."
Submitted by Liz
2497. "Love is the one thing we can never get enough of. Love is also the one thing we can never give enough of."
Submitted by Andrew Storey
2498. "Don't show her that you love her. Show her how much you love her."
Submitted by Linda Phan
2499. "There lies more peril in thine eyes than twenty of their swords."
Shakespeare
Submitted by Alejandro Ramirez
2500. "Love is like a road, you either travel it and marvel at the wonders it can bring or you don't travel it and wonder what it would be like."
Submitted by Tom
2501. "No knight can be brave unless he is in love; Love gives the knight his courage."
Philippe de Mezieres
Submitted by Mason Chang
2502. "Do lovers fall in love with each other or merely the thought of Love?"
Submitted by Mason Chang
2503. "Loving you...is like food to my soul."
Boyz 2 Men
Submitted by Deen
2504. "Can you show me the way to the road of love? I have lost it and need your splendor to show me the path to eternity?"
Submitted by Jay K.
2505. "In a dream, my love, you will find my heart."
Submitted by Lyna
2506. "Love is what we live for, but we don't realize we love until we have lost."
Submitted by Krazy
2507. "A kiss when all is said, 'Tis a secret; told to the mouth instead of the ear."
Author Unknown
Submitted by Valerie
2508. "Love, the source of light and life, can almost destroy the heart of the soul."
Submitted by Anonymous
2509. "I wish upon a star that our love last until the end of time, and lives on in our children."
Submitted by Sunset_Girl
2510. "Real love isn't a journey, but a destination."
Submitted by Adrienne
2511. "I'll tell you what real love is. It is blind devotion, unquestioning self-humiliation, utter submission, trust and belief against yourself and against the whole world, giving up your whole heart soul to the smiter- as I did!"
"Great Expectations" by Charles Dickens
2512. "Love is when you feel that any time spent without that other person in your presence is a complete waste of time."
Submitted by Floating Angel
2513. "Love works like an hourglass with the heart filling up as the head empties."
Submitted by Floating Angel
2514. "Love: when you have it, nothing else matters; when you don't, it doesn't matter what else you have."
Submitted by Floating Angel
2515. "Love isn't something you get at the corner store so when you think that he's the one stick with him."
Submitted by Hillary
2516. "Look into my eyes and you will see what you mean to me..."
Bryan Adams
2517. "I miss you when I'm sad, I miss you when I'm lonely, but most of all I miss you when I'm happy."
Author Unknown
2518. "You may forget the friends you laughed with, but you will never forget the friends you cried with."
Submitted by Michelle C.
2519. "Your love is as a kaleidoscope....with each turn of each new day your love brings new visions of hope, desire, passions and love never ending."
Submitted by Dolly
2520. "Sit your hand on a stove for a minute and it seems like an hour, sit next to a pretty girl for an hour and it seems like a minute, that is relativity."
Albert Einstein
Submitted by Shae Allison
2521. "Love is like flying - it is an exhilerating feeling that nothing else can create, but when you crash, it hurts like hell."
Submitted by Jo
2522. "True love is, when everything in the world is going wrong, all you have to do is look at that special person and, suddenly, everything in the world is right again."
Submitted by Jan
2523. "I knew what I wanted, but didn't know what I needed until he came along!"
Submitted by Othellia
2524. "Love is like a barren place and reaching out for human faith is like a journey I just don't have a map for..."
Savage Garden
Submitted by Tatiana
2525. "No love, no friendship can cross our path without leaving some mark forever."
Submitted by Anonymous
2526. "Finding true love is rare, and for those lucky enough to grasp and hold onto this elusive gift, they have lived the life of privilege, as surely as that of a king."
Submitted by Richard Mullins
2527. "When a couple is in love, it is the feeling of knowing that there is no diaster that can seperate the dam that holds back the tides from destroying the love that they have built."
Submitted by Sunshine
2528. "Love is a raging battle: you never know if you're going to win unless you try."
Submitted by Munchkin
2529. "Death cannot stop true love. All it can do is delay it for a while."
Westly from "The Princess Bride"
Submitted by Angela
2530. "There's only one risk in life worth taking, it's the risk of getting hurt when you fall in love, but experiencing the joy of being in love is worth all the pain anytime, anyday!"
Submitted by Anonymous
2531. "You must have to cherish your visions and your dreams for they are the children of your soul and the blueprints of your ultimate achievements."
Submitted by Anonymous
2532. "Whenever we may find ourselves together or apart, the spirit of our love is forever in my heart."
Submitted by Anonymous
2533. "Love is like an adventure, new obsticales each day; but to survive, one must not only love, but commit."
Submitted by Vera
2534. "Love is like an adventure, new obstacles each day; but to survive, one must not only love, but commit."
Submitted by Vera
2535. "Love is a dance step that never goes out of style,sometimes you stumble,sometimes you hurt your partner's foot, but often time you must learn new steps to survive."
Author Unknown
Submitted by Debbie Jane Chiu
2536. "Would you be my angel to have and to hold? Would you be my rose to cherish more than gold? I love you so much. I wish you were mine, but all I can do is wait till that time."
Submitted by Debbie Jane Chiu
2537. "Beauty is nothing more then to hear you call my name. For I never thought an angel like yourself would ever speak to me."
Submitted by Jessenia Rodriguez
2538. "Love is an insecurity that can only be secured with trust and honesty! Have the courage to say the truth and hear the truth!"
Submitted by Anjum Ali
2539. "A lawful kiss is never worth a stolen one."
Guy de Maupassant
Submitted by Angela
2540. "Love is something that you should wish for...but NEVER expect!"
Submitted by Danielle Riray
2541. "Every moment of life is so precious and every moment I'm not with you is a moment wasted!"
Submitted by Perrie Winkle
2542. "Thoughts of you, and the unceasing love that they reveal, have the power to change my world!"
Submitted by Gary
2543. "A smart girl can open up my mind, a pretty girl can open up my eyes, but only a sweet girl can open up my heart."
Submitted by Spooky
2544. "It's hard to say that you'll be mine right here by my side walking hand in hand under the moon so bright!"
Anonymous
Submitted by Debbie Jane Chiu
2545. "Whatever your cross,whatever your pain, there will always be sunshine after the rain. Perhaps you may stumble, perhaps even fall, GOD is always ready to answer your call."
Anonymous
Submitted by Debbie Jane Chiu
2546. "I can never change the direction of the wind but i can adjust my sails to reach my destination, the wind brought me to know you. Hope we'll stay in touch for the rest of our lives!"
Submitted by Debbie Jane Chiu
2547. "Love with your whole heart and always say the things you long to say....because you never know when they will be gone"
Submitted by Crystal Johnson
2548. "I know you haven't made your mind up yet, but I would never do you wrong. I've known it from the moment that we met, there's no doubt in my mind where you belong."
Garth Brooks "To Make You Feel My Love"
Submitted by Valerie McDuffie
2549. "Something in your eyes captured my soul, and every night I see you in my dreams. And being my best friend, you're all I know, I can't let go!"
Submitted by Barbie Rich
2550. "I love you, with my heart and yours because they are the same."
Submitted by Matt
2551. "Love is like being naked in the daylight instead of just having your clothes off in the dark."
Submitted by Ashley Wood
2552. "All the thousands of acres on this luscious green earth couldn't even describe half of your beauty."
Submitted by Ron
2553. "A heart in love with beauty never grows old."
Ancient Turkish Proverb
Submitted by Becky
2554. "There are no such things as obsticles when love is at hand."
Submitted by Anonymous
2555. "Love is like the sun- the only guarantee that it will return is faith."
Submitted by Anonymous
2556. "Love will find a way while everything else finds an excuse."
Author Unknown
Submitted by Lacey Lynn Stephens
2557. "Why wait for what may never come when you have everything in front of you?"
Submitted by Anthony Johnstone
2558. "Even if love is full of thorns, I'd still embrace it for I know that in between those thorns, there is a rose worth all the pain."
Submitted by Anonymous
2559. "Love not because of, but inspite of."
Submitted by Anonymous
2560. "A love so pure and true will never die... it lives in the depth of your heart until the end of time."
Submitted by Brooke Cramer
2561. "If you love someone, draw a circle around there name, because a heart can break into little pieces, but a circle goes on and on."
Submitted by Niki
2562. "Don't love with your heart, or you'll lose your mind. But love with your mind so you can use your heart."
Chanell
Submitted by Toya
2563. "My love is like a melody that's sweetly played in tune."
Submitted by Anonymous
2564. "If you love someone, and they don't know, take a chance and tell them so."
Submitted by Anonymous
2565. "Why is it that the only one who can stop you from crying, is the one that is making you cry?"
Submitted by Erin
2566. "The only way to know how you feel is to forget what you're feeling and go for it!"
Submitted by Dee
2567. "I know it's hard to keep an open heart when even friends seem out to harm you. But if you can heal the broken heart wouldn't time be out to charm you?"
Guns 'N Roses
Submitted by Henry
2568. "People are never perfect, but love can be. So why waste time looking for the perfect lover, instead of creating the perfect love?"
Author Unknown
Submitted by Melissa C.
2569. "Everytime I tried to tell you the words just came out wrong, So I'll have to say I love you in a song."
Jim Croce
Submitted by Carlo
2570. "Love is just a word till someone you meet gives it a meaning."
Submitted by Anonymous
2571. "Love is not just an emotion, it is our very existence."
Submitted by Anonymous
2572. "Love is not a feeling; it is a decision and a responsibility."
Submitted by Daphne
2573. "There is such a thing as fate, but it only takes you so far. And once you're there, it's up to you to make it happen."
From The Movie, "Can't Hardly Wait"
Submitted by Lindsey
2574. "True love doesn't need to be spoken but rather felt bewteen two souls."
Submitted by Jeffery
2575. "An angel's face I hold with star lit eyes and a peaceful soul. The perfect balance between woman and child. A dream so surreal and she's mine."
Submitted by Jeffery
2576. "You blew into my life like a whirlwind, offering me stormy passion. Then I stepped into eye of the storm and there I found your peace."
Submitted by Robina
2577. "Most People spell love with four letters 'L O V E'I spell it with only two 'U S'"
Submitted by Robina
2578. "Forget who hurt you yesterday, But don't forget who loves you tenderly today."
Submitted by Hieu Pham
2579. "If death shall take me away, love shall bring me back..."
Submitted by Rey
2580. "I never dreamed I'd feel this fire beneath my skin, I can't belive you love me."
Elton John
Submitted by Cara King
2581. "My love, you came to me like wine comes to this mouth. Grown tired of water all the time, you quench my heart and quench my mind."
Dave Matthews
Submitted by Cara King
2582. "Reason and love are sworn enemies."
Pierre Corneille
Submitted by Cara King
2583. "Its important that you hold me in your arms but its more important that I am held in your heart."
Submitted by Meghan
2584. "If you lit a candle for every reason I care for you, you would have a sunshine all through your life."
Submitted by Heena
2585. "Sometimes it stops, sometimes it flows. But, baby, that is how love goes."
Author Unknown
Submitted by Samantha
2586. "Love is a contradiction: Its hard to find but so easy to lose and it opens your eyes but makes you blind."
Submitted by Kae de Castro
2587. "When you Love someone, you'll do anything. You'll do all the crazy things, that you can't explain."
Bryan Adams
Submitted by Missy Smith
2588. "Love is like a fine cigar: Sweet and tasty in the beginning and satsifying for the duration, but you have to go slow if you want to make it last."
Submitted by Michael
2589. "Love is a gift, not an obligation."
From the movie, "Fools Rush In"
Submitted by Kelly Vos
2590. "Love is like a puzzle: When you're in love, all the pieces fit but, when your heart gets broken, it takes a while to get everything back together."
Submitted by Chickybabee
2591. "My heart dances to the beat of your heart."
Submitted by Mona
2592. "True love comes once in a lifetime. It is revealed subtly and appears without warning. So open your heart to feel it, for once you do, nothing will ever be the same again."
Submitted by Cheryl Thompson
2593. "Look up and smile at the setting sun for tomorrow it will rise again and love will shine upon you."
Submitted by Gil Negrete
2594. "This is the 90's. You can't just dump your boyfriend anymore, you have to recycle them."
Submitted by Amee Dooner
2595. "If you judge people, you have no time to love them."
Mother Theresa
Submitted by Amee
2596. "Of all the reasons God gave me to live, you are easily the best."
Submitted by Ryan Burket
2597. "Love is an enigma waiting to be solved."
Submitted by Anonymous
2598. "The heart survives on hope."
Submitted by Andrea
2599. "Love is a fire, but whether it will warm your heart or burn your house down, you never know."
Author Unknown
Submitted by Duchess
2600. "The best part of everyday is seeing you in everything I do."
Submitted by Priscilla
2601. "If my heart could talk, it wouldn't have anything to say but I love you."
Submitted by Eugenio Tapia
2602. "You know you're in love when she falls asleep in your arms and wakes up in you dreams."
Submitted by Anonymous
2603. "Had I no eyes but ears, my ears would love that inward beauty and invisible, Or were I deaf, thy outward parts would move each part in me that were but sensible; Though neither eyes nor ears to hear nor see, Yet should I be in love by touching thee. Say that the sense of feeling were bereft me, and that I could not see, nor hear, nor touch,And nothing but the very smell were left me, Yet would my love to thee be still as much."
William Shakespeare
Submitted by Anonymous
2604. "Love without obstacles is called true love. Search for it while you still have a chance, because if you find it you're the luckiest guy in the world!"
Submitted by Andreas Östersund
2605. "Remember, as much as you search for love, love will search for you!"
Submitted by Andreas Östersund
2606. "You, my love, are Spring's first blossom in the garden of my heart."
Submitted by Susanne Campbell
2607. "To continue loving someone when there is no promise of that love thriving-that is romance." 
Submitted by Anonymous
2608. "You don't have to hold on to the pain to hold on to the memory." 
Janet Jackson
Submitted by Erin Tracy
2609. "Just be yourself, whatever happens people can't take that away from you." 
Submitted by Stephen Purtle
2610. "I told myself it was over, like a dream vanishes in the morning light and in time, enough time, I would forget."
Author Unknown
Submitted by Amanda Smith
2611. "Where you go after you die is determined by where you went and who you went with when you were alive."
Submitted by Kiki
2612. "When your heart, body, and soul smiles; let it shine to brighten the lives around you."
Submitted by Alissa Dawn
2613. "We don't get to decide how we're going to die, or when, just how we're going to live."
Harriet Beecher Stowe
Submitted by Cindy
2614. "Beginnings are usually scary, ends are usually sad, but its the middle that counts."
Author Unknown
Submitted by Cin
2615. "Life doesn't come with erasers!"
Author Unknown
Submitted by Cin
2616. "Every man dies but not every man really lives!"
Mel Gibson, Braveheart
Submitted by Cin
2617. "In your eyes, I found a bond that neither time nor anything in this world could destroy; a bond of love!"
Submitted by Julie
2618. "Giving up does not mean you are weak it only means that you are strong enough to let go!"
Author Unknown
Submitted by Michelle Dolforino
2619. "You never truly love a person until the mere thought of you hurting that loved one is enough to break your own heart!"
Author Unknown
Submitted by Michelle Dolforino
2620. "The silence between us and the way we look into each other's eyes speak words that launguage cannot."
Submitted by Sherry William
2621. "When I look into your eyes I am taken from this world to a place which is timeless and udescribable; where love is an eternity."
Submitted by Sherry William
2622. "Love is the irresistible desire to be irresistibly desired."
Robert Frost
Submitted by Lena N.
2623. "Love makes its presence known from the inside out!"
Submitted by Lena N.
2624. "There is nothing more expensive than regret..."
Submitted by Missa
2625. "What breaks in an instant may take years to mend..."
Submitted by Missa
2626. "You'll never share real love until you love yourself."
Author Unknown
Submitted by Melissa
2627. "Take my love and you take my soul's hearbeat."
Author Unknown
Submitted by Melissa
2628. "You are what happened when I wished upon a star."
Author Unknown
Submitted by Melissa
2629. "Did I ever tell you how I stopped eating when you stopped calling me?"
Ani DiFranco
Submitted by Kelsey
2630. "If everything I said could make you laugh I'd talk forever."
Author Unknown
Submitted by Kelsey
2631. "I know we don't have long together, but remember when you're lonely at night I'm gazing at the same stars as you."
Author Unknown
Submitted by Kelsey
2632. "If you should die before me ask if you can bring a friend."
Scott Weiland
Submitted by Kelsey
2633. "When you realize you want to spend the rest of your life with someone, you want the rest of your life to start as soon as possible."
Billy Crystal, When Harry Met Sally
Submitted by Kelsey
2634. "Hearts will never be made practical until they are made unbreakable."
The Wizard Of Oz
Submitted by Kelsey
2635. "I don't want to lose this feeling. If I could choose a place to die, it would be in your arms."
Eric Clapton
Submitted by Kelsey
2636. "I'd like to believe that people who come together, stay together. I have to carry it with me when I go to sleep, even if I'm alone."
Ally McBeal
Submitted by Alfie
2637. "How can you run, when you have no place to hide? How can you survive, when you have no food to eat? Simply, how can you live, when you have no one to love?"
Submitted by Anonymous
2638. "Sure I could just walk away from you, say goodbye and never look back, but you don't turn your eyes from the sun just because you can't hold it in your hand." 
Author Unknown
Submitted by Autumn
2639. "True love never dies but only flickers in the wind." 
Submitted by Jason Lemonds
2640. "Love: Does it enable you to see what your eyes cannot? Or does it does it simply confirm what your heart suspects?" 
Submitted by Jason Lemonds
2641. "Those who are lucky find love, those who are worthy keep it." 
Submitted by Jason Lemonds
2642. "You come to love not by finding the perfect person, but by loving a person perfectly." 
Submitted by Anonymous
2643. "A guy and a girl can be just friends but at one point or another one of them will fall for the other, maybe temporarily, maybe at the wrong time, maybe too late or maybe, just maybe ...forever." 
Submitted by Anonymous
2644. "Love supersedes the gifts because it outlasts them all." 
Author Unknown
Submitted by Agot
2645. "Love is precious and sacred, it is also eternal and special. Once found, it can never be lost. Once gained, it will build on trust."
Submitted by Sweet Dee
2646. "True love is a blinding light that only your heart can see, let your heart guide you to your love."
Submitted by Rhey
2647. "True love is nothing more than a smiling glance across an emotionless room."
Submitted by Kristin Berg
2648. "A kiss says a thousand words."
Author Unknown
Submitted by Kristin Berg
2649. "Love is wonderful, love is kind, love is out there for the world to unwind!"
Submitted by Danielle
2650. "True love is having a heartache that can only be cured by his gentle, sweet kiss."
Submitted by Miranda Bagdon
2651. "True love is to reach out to the one you love and touch their heart, and never be able to let go again; to hold them not for a moment, but forever."
Submitted by Miranda Bagdon
2652. "Hate me if you wish but do not look back at me with tears in your eyes and hatred in your soul."
Nick Maiorano
Submitted by Andrea
2653. "You alone have stolen my heart, treat it well and it's yours for eternity."
Submitted by John Barbour
2654. "Spontanaity is perfection. Planning is complicated."
Submitted by Anonymous
2655. "Believe in the spirit of love... it can heal all things."
Submitted by Dee
2656. "Love is... wanting you more than that first cup of coffee... or just as much."
Submitted by Marge Tindal
2656. "True love open its door by itself, at the right time and at the right place.Wait and you'll see how love works, remember, love finds love, love seeks love and love sees you, not the other way around."
Submitted by Carmely
2657. "I know in reality we can't be together, so I just close my eyes and you're right here with me... in my dreams you're mine forever."
Submitted by Teresa
2658. "When I close my eyes, I still see you... When I take a deep breath, I still smell you... When I lick my lips, I still taste your kiss... You're my obsession."
Submitted by Teresa
2658. "You are my moon and my stars... Surrounded in dark, unintelligible nothingness of a sky, YOU shine out and bless me with your light and beauty..."
Submitted by Drew
2659. "No one said love was easy. But, no one ever said love doesn't have its rewards. When you see it in your partner's eyes, you will walk a thousand miles for it."
Submitted by Jason
2660. "And you say that God doesn't answer prayers??? Well, you're living proof he does."
Submitted by Erick
2661. "To see you is what my eyes long for, to touch you is what my body longs for, but to love you, my heart has done already for a long time."
Submitted by Lena Nemke
2662. "The lightning crashes with the pain I feel striking my unloved heart."
Submitted by Lena Nemke
2663. "When I hear the thunder roll, it reminds me of the feelings I have for you that are not mutual."
Submitted by Lena Nemke
2664. "There's a smile on your face that lets me know that you need me, there's a truth in your eyes saying you'll never leave me, the touch of your hand says you'll catch me whenever I fall, you say it best....when you say nothing at all."
Megan Burk
Submitted by Eric Beiswanger
2665. "True Love comes only once to a person but I have felt it many times for you."
Submitted by Lena Nemke
2666. "If love was lost in the living; then life was gained in the loving."
Submitted by Tristan Darcanian
2667. "Lovin' you always is like a dream come true, and someday I hope to become a part of you. But until that day comes, I will pray that one day you will love me in the same way."
Submitted by Dee
2668. "A cute guy can open up my eyes, a smart guy can open up my mind, but only a nice guy can open up my heart."
Submitted by Susan
2669. "Love the ones who love you, not the ones who smile at you; because the one that smiles at you might be lying to you, but the one that loves you might be suffering for you."
Submitted by Vanessa
2670. "Husbands, love your wives, even as Christ loved the church, and gave himself for it."
Ephisians 5:25
Submitted by Ross Stevenson
2671. "You say you 'think' you love me. That sounds nice, but phony. Love either is... or it isn't, and thinking is baloney!"
Dean Wally
Submitted by Marge Tindal
2672. "Thank you for opening the door to my heart, for making it a bigger and better place.... I'm just sorry you couldn't find your home in there!"
Submitted by Nat
2673. "How can you not see that I've been in love with you since I first looked into your eyes? Perhapse the better question is...how can you not care?"
Submitted by Anonymous
2674. "Love is like air... It's not important unless it's not there!"
Stephen Bearden
Submitted by Aaron Lucas
2675. "Love is not the one you can picture you are going to marry. But the one you can't live without."
Stephen Bearden
Submitted by Aaron Lucas
2676. "It's been a wonder to me what living is all about...why we have to be here...and it all boils down to one thing... we're here to love and be loved."
Submitted by Debz
2677. "I'd give up my life if I could command one smile of your eyes, one touch of your hand."
From the movie "The Fighting O'Flynn"
Submitted by Jess
2678. "Love is a strong force, stronger than gravity itself!"
Submitted by Anonymous
2679. "No matter how I think we grow you always seem to let me know, it ain't workin'."
Lauryn Hill
Submitted by Kelsey
2680. "When I try to walk away you'd hurt yourself to make me stay."
Lauryn Hill
Submitted by Kelsey
2681. "I keep letting you back in. How can I explain myself? As painful as this thing has been, I just can't be with no one else."
Lauryn Hill
Submitted by Kelsey
2682. "The truth about love is out there, lies are just easier to find."
Submitted by Daniel Fowler
2683. "Within love, lies the very meaning of life."
Submitted by Warren Untalan
2684. "Love is good and love is kind, love is drunk and love is blind."
The Smashing Pumpkins
Submitted by Megan
2685. "Love exists,not merely to make life possible, but to make life good."
Submitted by Mercky
2686. "He who is afraid to shake the dice will never throw a six."
Chinese Proverb
Submitted by Jenny Thieu
2687. "You are my 'Somewhere over the rainbow'."
Submitted by Chad
2688. "If foundations made of steel can turn to dust, the hardest hearts of steel can turn to rust."
Shania Twain, "Home Ain't Where His Heart Is"
Submitted by Kristin Bronson
2689. "To meet, to know, to love then to part... is a sad tale for many a human heart."
Submitted by Erin P.
2690. "True love is like a jigsaw puzzle. The pieces will find themselves when they are right for each other."
Submitted by Monica
2691. "To love you is more precious than all the riches of the world."
Submitted by Rick
2692. "You my love are the most beautiful, caring, and wonderful woman that ever lived and I'm hopelessly in love with you."
Submitted by Rick
2693. "My lady's name is Sandi, a name that is synonymous with love, devotion, and beauty."
Submitted by Rick
2694. "Love is like the sea, rough at times, smooth at others, but is always constant. Always be careful, love is a powerful thing."
Submitted by Michael Golding
2695. "I am like a child in a candy store looking for that one perfect piece of candy. Just when I gave up on ever finding it, you came along. You are the sweetest thing in my world."
Submitted by Ghazala
2696. "Only once in a lifetime love rushes in, changing you with the tide."
Mariah Carey
Submitted by Tanz
2697. "True love is not attraction. It is not a game. It is not a length of time. It is perfection. Do not stop looking until you have found perfection."
Submitted by Steve P.
2698. "So many men, so little asprin."
Submitted by Carolyn
2699. "It's not that I can't live without you, it's just that I don't wanna try."
Backstreet Boys
Submitted by Pino
2700. "I'm not in love with your beauty, I only admire it... I Love You."
Backstreet Boys
Submitted by Frozen Flamez
2701. "We may not always know the moment that love begins, but we always know when it ends."
From the movie, L.A. Story
Submitted by Leen
2702. "Love is passion, obsession, something you can't live without..."
Submitted by Deanna
2703. "If every raindrop would mean 'I love you!', it would rain the whole damn day."
Submitted by Peter Van den Noortgate
2704. "Love is the constant feeling of completeness when you are with that someone and not wanting that moment to end for anything."
Submitted by Casey Crabb
2705. "Love is a beautiful thing, it must be treated with tenderness and compassion or, like a rose, it's thorns can make it dangerous."
Submitted by Anonymous
2706. "If you have reasons for loving someone, then you are using your mind, but if you love someone for no reason, then you are using your heart."
Submitted by Anonymous
2707. "Love is like a flame, beautiful if controlled, dangerous if not."
Submitted by Anonymous
2708. "Love is like rain, you never know how hard it will be or how long it will last."
Submitted by Anonymous
2709. "I'll dance with you when there's no music."
Mason S.
Submitted by Charlotte
2710. "Don't put your love's name inside a heart because a heart maybe broken. Instead, put it in a circle for a circle is eternal."
Submitted by Anonymous
2711. "Love is like glass. If you drop it, it shatters and can never be put completely back together, if you can put it back together at all. But love can also be like porceline - if it's meant to be it'll never crack."
Submitted by Madeline
2712. "I would rather be poor and in love with you, than being rich and not having anyone."
Submitted by Jo E
2713. "Know love, know happiness. No love, no happiness."
T.J. Turner
2714. "I could spend my time chasing a dream, but a dream can't chase me."
Submitted by Anonymous
2715. "I never knew what love was all about until I started looking at you; no one ever tried to tell or show me, so I finally figured it out for myself. What you need is someone who without you can't breathe."
Mark Owen
Submitted by Candy
2716. "I looked at your face... my heart jumped all over the place..."
Madonna
2717. "I dropped a tear in the ocean... when they find it I'll stop loving you..."
Author Unknown
Submitted by Moesh
2718. "Love is when you take away the feeling, the passion, and the romance in a relationship and find out you still care for the person."
Submitted by Ja'Nea Bookman
2719. "Love is knowing everything about a person, yet willing to be their all."
Submitted by Camille Cochran
2720. "Some people wish they were little again cause skinned knees are easier to fix then broken hearts."
Submitted by Anonymous
2721. "If you could spend and hour in my mind, a minute in my heart and a second in my soul then you know how it feels... me loving you."
Submitted by Tracey
2722. "Why is it that the most beautiful things in life are often the most dangerous? Sunlight, Trust, and Love are just a few. In Life, there will be sunburn, broken promises, and, of course, broken hearts."
Submitted by Jal
2723. "He gently wiped the tears from her eyes... then softly kissed his hand as he walked out the door."
Submitted by Aimee
2724. "When you love someone, all your saved up wishes start coming out."
Submitted by Leigh-Ann fullerton
2725. "Last night I hugged my pillow and dreamed of you... I wish that someday I would dream about my pillow and I'd be hugging you."
Submitted by Rutel
2726. "Last night I hugged my pillow and dreamed of you... I wish that someday I would dream about my pillow and I'd be hugging you."
Submitted by Rutel
2727. "If, out of time, I could pick one moment and keep it shining, always new, I'd pick the moment I met you..."
Submitted by Leena Nguyen
2728. "I'd rather be hurt by you, than love someone else."
Submitted by Harry
2729. "Nothing is more beautiful than the love that has weathered the storms of life."
Submitted by Anonymous
2730. "To love someone is to be yourself!"
Submitted by Lyvea Owen
2731. "You know that it's love when you can't fall asleep because reality is better than your dreams."
Submitted by Meggie
2732. "Live for today... dream for tomorrow... learn from yesterday."
Submitted by Meggie
2733. "Falling in Love is falling asleep in his arms and waking up in his dreams."
Submitted by Meggie
2734. "I love because you taught me how. I feel because you ignited feelings in my heart that I never knew were there before. I breathe because you give me reason to live..."
Submitted by Meggie
2735. "Within you, I lose myself. Without you, I find myself... forever searching to be lost again."
Submitted by Anonymous
2736. "Distance doesn't count if there is love in between."
Submitted by André
2737. "The sexiest smile is a surfers smile so next time you smile do it surfers style."
Submitted by Melinda Pizzi
2738. "Love is the emblem of eternity. It confounds all notion of time."
Author Unknown
Submitted by Ashley
2739. "If I could live forever and all my dreams came true, i'd spend my life with you."
Author Unknown
Submitted by Danielle
2740. "Lust is what brought me there. Love is what kept me there."
Submitted by Ashley
2741. "Kindness in words creates confidence, kindness in thinking creates profoundness, kindness in giving creates love."
Lao-Tze
Submitted by Mary
2742. "The best and most beautiful things cannot be seen or even touched, they must be felt with the heart."
Submitted by Mary
2743. "They say that time mends a broken heart and true love never ends, but if true love never ended then time wouldn't have to mend."
Submitted by Monica
2744. "Don't look at someone by where they're from; rather, look at what they are, and what they do because true love has no boundries."
Submitted by Anonymous
2745. "It's not he who picks all the flowers in the world that is lucky; It's the one that has one flower, and calls it luck."
Submitted by Anonymous
2746. "A person's heart is like a telephone- either the connection is bad, or it's busy."
Submitted by Kasia
2747. "Love is our daily exam."
Submitted by Kasia
2748. "Her eyes could tell a million words that I didn't want to hear. But her kiss that I miss is reducing me to tears."
Submitted by Dogs
2749. "The first time I saw you I already knew, there was something inside of you. Something I thought that I would never find... Angel of mine."
Monica
Submitted by Christie
2750. "I am yours, you are mine, of that be sure. You are locked in my heart, the little key is lost and now you must stay there forever..."
Submitted by Shannon Marie

